 Roed-Larsen: Middle East a "Powder Keg with Lit Fuse" 
 Oslo 2-6 (AFP) - Terje Roed-Larsen, the former United Nations Middle East envoy, considered the situation in the region as having never been as dangerous as it is today and compared the region to a "powder keg with a lit fuse". 
 Roed-Larsen, speaking to the Norwegian NRK radio station said that "the region can now be compared in several respects to a powder keg with a lit fuse." 
 He added "I think the situation is more difficult, complicated and dangerous than it has been for a number of decades." 
 Among the existing and potential crises in the Middle East, Roed-Larsen mentioned the Arab-Israeli dispute, the Iranian nuclear portfolio and the crisis between Lebanon and Syria. 
 He said that "all this brings us back to issues of fundamental values and opinions which make the situation more likely to get out of control at any moment than it has been in the last few days." 
 Roed-Larsen did not openly mention the acts of violence that permeated demonstrations in the Muslim world in protest against the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in the European press, limiting himself to emphasizing the need for "dialogue" rather than "throwing stones and lighting fires." 
 Demonstrators set fire to the Danish and Norwegian embassy buildings in Damascus on Saturday while a building housing the Danish embassy in Beirut was set on fire in response to the publication of the caricatures in September in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten and their subsequent republication in the European media, led by the Norwegian magazine Magazinet. 
 Roed-Larsen is currently in charge of monitoring the implementation of Security Council resolution 1559 which stipulates the disarmament of militias and armed groups in Lebanon, including, in the international organization's opinion, the Lebanese Shiite Hezbollah and Palestinian groups. 
 Kofi Annan to Donate Zayed Prize to Establish Foundation for Agriculture and Educating Girls in Africa. 
 Dubai 2-7 (AFP) - The Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan said he would donate the international Zayed Prize for the Environment, which he received on Monday night in Dubai worth 500,000 dollars, to set up a foundation for agriculture and educating girls in Africa. 
 Annan said at the prize-giving ceremony that he had decided "to use the prize to set up a foundation that I will establish in Africa to work in the fields of agriculture and educating girls." 
 He said that he chose "agriculture because Africa's people need a green revolution and girls' education because there is no more effective tool for development." 
 The Zayed international prize for the Environment, launched in 1998 and named after the founder of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan, is awarded once every two years to distinguished individuals in the field of environmental protection. The total value of the prizes is one million dollars. 
 In addition to Annan, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment organization, based in Malaysia, with around 1360 environmental experts, won the scientific research prize worth 300,000 dollars. 
 Former Indonesian environment minister Emil Salim and Senator Angela Cropper, in charge of an environmental protection organization in Trinidad and Tobago, shared the prize for non-governmental organizations worth 200,000 dollars. 
 The Emirates' Deputy President, Dubai's ruler and head of government Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, met Annan on Monday. 
 Sheikh Mohammed said in an interview focusing on the Iraq issue and the Arab-Israeli conflict that it was "necessary to settle the conflicts and resolve the problems peacefully away from violence, the arms race and double standards to ensure that right prevails and to allow justice and freedom for all people", according to the Emirates news agency. 
 The Zayed International Prize for the Environment award ceremony included seminars and conferences dealing with the environment. It is hosted in Dubai and includes the ninth exceptional meeting of the United Nations Environment Program Board and the world ministerial forum on the environment. 
 Dubai also hosted the international conference on Chemical Products Disposal which ended on Monday and looked into means of limiting the dangers of chemical products globally. 
 The conference was supposed to adopt an agreement concerning this but a United Nations official told Agence France Presse that this did not happen because of problems relating to funding. 
 Belgian mayor bans Display of Artwork Depicting Saddam Hussein 
 Brussels 2-7 (AFP) - The mayor of Middelkerke in west Belgium Michel Landuyt told Agence France Presse that he decided to ban a controversial piece of art depicting the ousted Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in chains by the avant-garde Czech artist David Cerny, saying it was "shocking". 
 Landuyt, mayor of a small Belgian seaside town, justified his decision on Monday by saying that "this artwork could shock some people, not just the local inhabitants but also tourists and perhaps people of other faiths, especially Muslims." 
 However, he said the artwork had been done over a year ago and was "unrelated" to the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in Europe, which has led to a wave of condemnation and violence in the Muslim world in the past few days. 
 The artwork entitled "Shark" shows Saddam Hussein handcuffed and suspended in a tank filled with liquid. 
 It was to be shown at the 2006 Beaufort Arts Festivals. 
 Michel Landuyt said, "In my view, (the piece) was shocking." He pointed out that Saddam Hussein is currently standing trial, with the proceedings being shown on television. 
 "Shark" was shown for the first time at the Prague 2 international exhibition, held every two years and which took place between May and September 2005. 
 David Cerny (38 years old) is famous for his provocative pieces such as "Flag on Poles" which symbolizes the migration of East Germans to the West in 1989. 
 In October 2004, Prague's municipal council backed down from erecting a memorial to the anti-Nazi resistance movement designed by him because it was regarded as being offensive to World War II veterans. 
 Hamas Formally Invites Fatah to Participate in Government. 
 Cairo 2-7 (AFP) - The leader of the parliamentary bloc of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) Ismail Haniya announced that the movement, which won the legislative elections at the end of January, will formally invite the Fatah movement led by Mahmoud Abbas to participate in the government. 
 Haniya said, after a meeting on Monday evening with the head of Egyptian Intelligence General Omar Suleiman, "We will sit down with them (Fatah movement) and formally invite them to participate in this government." 
 He added in statements reported by the official Egyptian Middle East news agency, "We are waiting for a formal response from the Fatah movement's general command." 
 A number of Fatah leaders expressed their opposition to participating in the government Hamas is expected to form but an official decision has not yet been issued with regard to this matter. 
 Haniya said, "We told Omar Suleiman that Hamas wants dialogue with all the Palestinian political parties and we discussed the international pressures and threats to cut aid to the Palestinian people." 
 He added, "We stressed that all these situations oppress the rights of our people but we have alternatives, be they Palestinian, Arab or Islamic." 
 He went on to say, "We also discussed how to galvanize the Palestinian Liberation Organization, given that the legislative elections are the first step and will be followed by a second step relating to the Palestinian diaspora." 
 A Hamas delegation began talks in Cairo relating to forming a new Palestinian government. After the movement's leadership held two meetings, it met with Suleiman this evening and will meet with him again on Tuesday. 
 Hamas leaders will also meet the secretary-general of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, for discussions. 
 Head of Israel's Internal Security Service Warns of "Jewish Terrorism" 
 Jerusalem - 2-7 (AFP) - The head of Israel's internal security service (Shin Bet), Yuval Diskin, warned of the dangers of "Jewish terrorism" in an interview with young settlers in the West Bank shown on Israeli television's Channel 2 on Monday night. 
 Diskin told students at a religious institute for semi-military training, "I'm telling you quite openly that if a Jew carries out a terrorist act, he will be considered a cancer in the state and represents a much bigger threat than Hamas", referring to the Islamic Resistance Movement. 
 Diskin made these statements around a month ago but his speech, recorded a month ago, was not shown until Monday night on Israeli "Channel 10". 
 He added, "I want to tell you that we will pursue with equal severity a Jewish terrorist who kills an Arab or an Arab who kills a Jew." However, he admitted that an Arab would "receive harsher treatment than a Jew committing the same acts." 
 He expressed his deep concern about the "fundamentalist streak" among young settlers who are being drawn into violence to express their opposition to the dismantling of settlements. 
 On another front, Diskin said that the collapse of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's regime was, in the end, "damaging to Israel" because "chaos reigns in Iraq". 
 Tens of thousands of settlers and far-right supporters demonstrated in West Jerusalem on Sunday evening under the slogan "Olmert is bad for Israel" referring to the acting prime minister. 
 They wrote on one of the banners "Olmert is leading us into civil war" in a reference to the dismantling of nine houses built in the settlement of Amouna near Ramallah on the West Bank. 
 Clashes took place between settlers and police officers during the dismantling process and resulted in 200 wounded, most of them suffering minor injuries. 
 Annan Expresses His Concern About the "Target Killings" of Palestinians 
 New York 2-8 (AFP) The Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan expressed his concern today, Tuesday, about the wave of target killings carried out by Israel in Gaza and the West Bank and also condemned the missile attacks against the Jewish state, his spokesman said. 
 Spokesman Stephan Dujarric added that "the secretary-general notes with concern that Israel has carried out target killings in recent days in Gaza and the West Bank." 
 The spokesman added in a statement that "while recognizing Israel's right to defend its citizens", Annan stresses that "target killings" of Palestinian activists "expose innocent bystanders to great danger and are like executions without trial". 
 Annan also noted with concern the "repeat missile attacks against Israel from the Gaza Strip" and stressed the need for all sides to abide by "international humanitarian laws and desist from any actions that might lead to an escalation in violence." 
 Two Palestinian activists were killed yesterday, Tuesday, in an Israeli air raid on Gaza and the Israeli army killed an Islamic Jihad leader in Nablus on the West Bank, bringing the number of dead in these target killings to 11 since Saturday. 
 Iranian Official: Merkel "Thinks She Is Hitler" 
 Tehran 2-8 (AFP) - An official in the Revolutionary Guard, the Iranian regime's ideological army, condemned recent statements by German Chancellor Angela Merkel concerning the Iranian nuclear portfolio, deeming that "she thinks she is Hitler". 
 Commander Sayyed Massoud Al-Jazairi said in statements today, Wednesday, "In her childhood dreams, Merkel thought she was Hitler and she now thinks, as she holds the position of Chancellor, that she can impose her will on the world and on free nations." 
 The head of the Revolutionary Guard's public relations' department added, in statements made to the Iranian Students News Agency, "we cannot expect anything else from people who have a Zionist past". 
 Merkel had said on Saturday at a conference on security held in Munich that "Iran has intentionally crossed the red line" with regard to its nuclear program and should accept negotiations based on the Russian proposal. 
 Merkel called on Iran to "seize the opportunity while it is still there". She said, "We want, and it is our duty to do so, to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons" in a speech on German defense policy. 
 Jazairi said that "the way in which the Europeans are acting on the Iranian nuclear portfolio shows the weakness and powerlessness of countries like France, Germany and Britain." 
 He said that "European nations must ask themselves why their leaders, especially France, Britain and Germany, are behaving as though they are the servants of an American cowboy", in reference to American President George Bush. 
 Jazairi said, "I promise you that the childish jubilation of American officials and the Zionist regime following the referral of the nuclear portfolio to the Security Council will not last." 
 Hamas Rejects What Some Fatah Groups See as Exposing the Palestinian National Project to Danger 
 By Taher Al-Majthoub 
 (repeat with clarification in the fourth paragraph) 
 Ramallah (West Bank) 2-8 (AFP) - A number of circles in the Fatah movement have expressed their fears that the Palestinian national project may be exposed to danger with the Islamic resistance movement Hamas taking over the reins of the Palestinian Authority. However, the Islamic movement vehemently rejected this suggestion. 
 Adnan Al-Dhumeiri, a Fatah leader in the West Bank, told the France Presse news agency that "Hamas, as part of the worldwide Muslim Brotherhood movement, is not as concerned with questions of Palestinian statehood as it is with the issue of Islamic nationhood." 
 He said that "The other side is that the Hamas resistance movement can be compared to the Taliban and Chechen movements and this is what sets it apart from other Islamic movements in the Arab and Muslim world, but Hamas has not carried out any operations outside the borders of Palestine." 
 Al-Dhumeiri, who was a Fatah movement candidate in the recent elections but did not win, viewed the differences between Hamas and Fatah as "Fatah has an agenda that stipulates continued negotiation efforts to establish a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip with East Jerusalem as its capital based on the 1967 border. Fatah sees this solution as strategic while Hamas sees it as being a stage." 
 On the same note, a Palestinian official who wished to remain anonymous said that Hamas "belongs to an Islamic movement that is not as concerned with establishing a state as much as it cares about establishing an Islamic Caliphate and so its interests may coincide with those of Tehran and Damascus. It is a candidate for alliance with Hizbollah in Lebanon and Iran and with the Muslim Brotherhood in other countries in the world." 
 He added, "Even Syria may make use of it within the framework of its policy aimed at using the Palestinian and Lebanese causes as a card to pressurize Israel, especially as the Baath party also regards the statehood question as a joint one in terms of Arab nationalism." 
 In the end, if Hamas agrees to a ceasefire with Israel for a period of 10 or 15 years, it may back down on the issue of liberation and focus on imposing an Islamic agenda on society, according to him. 
 More than one Hamas official has said that the Islamic movement is preparing to set up a new Palestinian government ready to enter into a long-term ceasefire with Israel. 
 In an interview with France Presse, Hamas deputy Mahmoud Al-Ramhi strongly denied that Hamas might be endangering the Palestinian national agenda. 
 He said, "This claim is not based on truth and Israel's unilateral policy began before Hamas won, when Fatah was in power, because the Oslo Accords (1994) did not specify when the settlements would end nor the borders of the Palestinian state", and consequently the movement bears no responsibility in terms of endangering the Palestinian agenda. 
 He also added that Israel had decided, within the framework of the same unilateral policy," to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and build the separation wall before Hamas won, and even before the date the legislative elections were set and before Hamas' decision to take part in them". He stated that "Israel does not comply with any of the agreements reached and negotiation has not put an end to this. The only solution is to carry on the resistance." 
 The head of the Hamas movement's political bureau, Khalid Mashaal, announced today, Wednesday, that the movement could well comply with a "long ceasefire" with Israel in the event of it withdrawing to the 1967 borders and "recognizing the rights of" the Palestinians. 
 Al-Ramhi said, "The ceasefire with its conditions are the creation of a Palestinian state with the 1967 borders including East Jerusalem and the release of detainees". He said that "if we cannot achieve these conditions and if Israel does not release any prisoners and does not withdraw from the West Bank, then Hamas will not be bound by the Cairo agreement." 
 Ahmed Sadat, secretary-general of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, told France Presse from prison in Jericho, "We are not afraid of any Palestinian side abandoning the Palestinian project because the battle is essentially against Israeli occupation and we have not heard about the Hamas movement abandoning any of the fundamental principles of the Palestinian cause nor of it being under any allegiance or program."." 
 He said that "the commitment to these principles and resisting occupation are common denominators" and "the resistance is linked to the existence of occupation." 
 Sadat added, "We look forward to what Hamas has to offer. What is needed from all forces in Palestinian society is a democratic vision and internal consensus as an initial step in electing members of the legislative council. The second step is in the form of our citizens abroad taking part through direct elections." 
 It should be pointed out that both the Popular Front and Hamas reject the Oslo Accords and the road map plan. 
 Bassam Al-Salihi, a deputy with the parliamentary alternative bloc (People's party, left wing) said that "it is premature to come out with general or hasty conclusions for a number of reasons, one of which is that Hamas' victory does not necessarily mean a loss of political balance." 
 He called for "a review of the results because support for Hamas in the Palestinian street is no more than half the electorate, 40%", adding that "I think the Liberation Organization's program, independence, international legitimacy and the Arab peace initiative, are backed by the majority on the Palestinian street." 
 Al-Salihi said, "It's hard for any political movement to reach agreements that do not live up to this program." 
 Al-Salihi pointed out that his bloc "is thinking about proposing a draft project to the Legislative Council or the Central Committee declaring the 1967 border as the border for the Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital and calling for the world to recognize this [...] because the issue of borders is not a matter for negotiation but a matter of dispute." 
 Al-Salihi stated that "we believe that the priority is to rebuild the Palestinian democratic movement on clearer bases in the political and social context and that the foundation must be the independence pact because this is what defines a social vision of the political system based on a secular system." 
 Suzuki to Shortly Announce its Future in the World Rally Championship 
 Tokyo 2-8 (AFP) - Japanese company Suzuki has said that it will shortly announce its plans to take part in the World Rally Championship without disclosing details about the matter. 
 David Farquhar, press director and head of the Japanese company's public relations division, said that the announcement would be made on the fringes of the Geneva car exhibition at the end of this month. 
 Many World Rally Championship circles have said that Suzuki might join the list of official manufacturers as of next year. It currently takes part in the Junior WRC with a Swift S 1600 and won the Swedish Rally, the first stage in this class and second stage in the WRC championship with its Swedish driver Pier-Gunnar Andersson. 
 Suzuki has taken part in many rallies outside these classes, in preparation for formally joining the adult class in the world championship. These expectations were reinforced by its announcement today that it is to make a decision on this matter on the 28th of this month (2 o'clock Geneva time). 
 If it decides to take part, this will constitute strong backing for the championship, especially since two French companies Citroen - world champion for the past three years - and Peugeot, Japanese Mitsubishi, Czech Skoda and Korean Hyundai have backed out of formal participation. 
 Citroen will return to the world championship next year with a new car, the C4, in place of the Xsara, although it offers semi-official support for the Belgian company Kronos Racing (Citroen Xsara) and its driver, Frenchman Sebastien Loeb, world champion for the last two years, and his Spanish colleague Xavier Pons. It also backs fellow citizen Daniel Sordo, champion of the Junior WRC champion last year and who is following in Loeb's footsteps who was crowned champion in this class before moving onto the adult class. 
 The number of official manufacturers in the championship will rise to four in the event of Suzuki joining and Citroen returning next year, alongside Subaru and Ford which won the first two stages of the championship this year with its new driver, Finnish Marcus Gronholm. Other participants in the Special Events include the Finn Tony Gardemeister (Astra Racing - Peugeot 307)who was absent from the Swedish rally after winning third place in Monaco, Frenchman Gilles Panizzi (Red Bull - Skoda) and the Italian Gigi Galli who is taking part privately (Mitsubishi Lancer W 2005). 
 Israeli Minister Views Putin's Invitation to Hamas as "Stab in the Back" 
 Jerusalem 2-10 (AFP) - The Israeli Education Minister Meir Sheetrit said today, Friday, that the Russian President Vladimir Putin's invitation to the Hamas leadership to visit Moscow was "a stab in the back" to Israel. 
 The minister said in a statement on Israeli radio that "this initiative is a stab in the back [...] because it is aimed at giving international legitimacy to a terrorist group and we have to oppose it with all means." 
 The minister went on to say, "What would Moscow say if we were to invite Chechen representatives to visit Jerusalem?" 
 Sheetrit added, "Russia who is preventing free elections in Chechnya cannot give us moral lessons on Hamas' legitimacy after the elections." 
 For his part, the Housing Minister Zeev Boim said in a press statement that "Putin is playing with fire" and saw Russia's position as "extremely worrying". 
 A high-level Israeli official yesterday, Thursday, expressed Israel's extreme anger at the recent Russian move and said that that "when Chechens carry out an attack on Moscow, Russia regards it as a terrorist act but it's a different matter when it happens in Jerusalem", in reference to the dozens of suicide attacks carried out by Hamas over the past 10 years. 
 Putin announced on Thursday in Madrid that he would invite Hamas officials to Moscow "soon" for talks on the future of the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians. 
 Putin, whose country does not classify Hamas as a "terrorist organization", recently said that the European Union had made "a big mistake" when it decided to suspend financial aid to the Palestinians. 
 The Russian president emphasized that Hamas came to power following democratic elections and that "the choice of the Palestinian people has to be respected". 
 Al-Atri Government Reshuffle and Al-Shara Vice President for Foreign Affairs 
 By Naseeb Aazar 
 Damascus - 2-11 (AFP) - Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad issued three presidential decrees today, Saturday, making ministerial changes in which 14 new ministers are to join the government. Changes to posts relating to foreign affairs have been especially made to coincide with the foreign pressure campaign that has been exerted on Syria over the past year. 
 According to the first decree, Farouq Al-Shara has been appointed "Vice President for Foreign and Media Affairs". 
 The second decree concerned a reshuffle in Mohammed Naji Al-Atri's cabinet in which 14 new ministers were brought in to the government in sensitive positions such as the foreign, interior and information ministries, and in which Walid Al-Mualim has been appointed Foreign Minister after holding the post of deputy to Foreign Minister Farouq Al-Shara. 
 The third decree ordered the appointment of the Syrian representative to the United Nations Faisal Al-Miqdad as a deputy to Foreign Minister Al-Mualim. 
 The government reshuffle did not affect the premiership which remains under the leadership of Mohammed Naji Al-Atri while General Bassam Abdulmajid was appointed Interior Minister in place of Ghazi Kanaan who committed suicide on October 12th. 
 General Abdulhameed has been a commander of the Military Police in Syria since 2002 and head of intelligence for southern Syria prior to that. He was born in Kuneitra in 1950. 
 Mahdi Dakhlallah was removed from the Ministry of Information and replaced by Mohsen Bilal, formerly Syria's ambassador to Spain for many years and a lecturer at Damascus University. 
 Sufian Alaw was appointed Minister of Oil and Mineral Resources in place of Ibrahim Haddad and Ghiath Barakat Minister of Higher Education in place of Hani Murtadha. 
 Defense Minister Hassan Torkmani kept his post, as did Immigration Minister Buthaina Shaban, Finance Minister Mohammed Al-Hussein and Commerce and Trade Minister Amer Husni Lutfi. 
 Joseph Swayid was appointed State Minister, the first member of the Syrian Social National Party to be appointed minister since the party joined the national front in 2005. 
 The Baath Party took the lion's share in government, taking 19 ministries including the premiership with the appointment of seven ministers from seven parties represented by the National Progressive Front, in addition to seven ministers from the independents. 
 The National Progressive Front is a grouping of 10 parties led by the Baath party. 
 It is customary for each of the National Progressive Front's nine parties with the exception of the Baath Party to be represented in government. However, the current ministerial reshuffle has removed the representation of two parties, the Arab Socialist Union led by Safwan Qudsi and the Arab Socialist Unionist Movement led by Ghassan Abdulaziz Othman. 
 Other Front parties were represented by six ministers while the Communist Party took the Irrigation Ministry with Yusuf Faisal. 
 This ministerial reshuffle did not come as a surprise as there has been talk of it since the suicide of Interior Minister Ghazi Kanaan which left the post empty after his death on October 12th. 
 These ministerial changes coincide with the international pressure campaign exerted on Syria since the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri. Two reports by the international investigation committee implicated the Lebanese and Syrian security services in the assassination. 
 The United States also accuses Syria of allowing Arab fighters into Iraq via Syrian territory. 
 Yemen's President Reshuffles Cabinet Following the Escape of 23 Al-Qaida Members 
 By Hammoud Munsir 
 Sanaa 11-2 (AFP) - Yemen's President Ali Abdullah Saleh reshuffled his cabinet today, Saturday, according to the Yemeni news agency SABA, following the escape of 23 suspected Al-Qaida members from a Yemeni prison last week. 
 The Yemeni president decided to keep Prime Minister Abdulqadir Bajammal as head of government and dismissed Defense Minister Abdullah Ali Elewa and 15 other ministers. 
 The Yemeni president dismissed the two deputy prime ministers, Alawi Al-Salami and Ahmed Sufan who held the posts of Finance Minister and Planning Minister respectively. 
 The Interior Minister Rashad Al-Alimi held his post as well as becoming the sole deputy prime minister. 
 Brigadier General Mohammed Nasser Ahmed Ali was appointed Defense Minister. 
 The outgoing government was formed in May 2003 after the ruling People's Congress party won the legislative elections. 
 The ministerial reshuffle comes after criticism of the Yemeni government, especially from the United States, following the escape of 23 suspected members of the Al-Qaida organization from a Yemeni intelligence prison in Sanaa last Saturday. 
 The escaped prisoners include 13 prisoners sentenced for the bombing of the American destroyer Cole and French oil tanker Limburg, the most prominent escapee being Jamal Al-Badawi who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for the bombing of the American destroyer in which 17 American soldiers were killed. 
 The Yemeni authorities launched a campaign to capture the escaped prisoners and arrested around 95 of their relatives in an attempt to force them to give themselves up. 
 The prisoners escaped through a 44-meter tunnel running between their prison cells and a nearby mosque. The tunnel was no more than 70 centimeters wide. 
 Warships belonging to the coalition led by the United States which patrol the regional waters off the coast of Yemen took part in the search operation for the 23 escaped prisoners while international police Interpol launched an international warning about their escape. 
 Yemen is the country from which Osama Bin Laden's family is descended, the leader of the Al-Qaida organization who claimed responsibility for the attack. 
 Since the September 11 2001 attacks on the United States, Yemen has worked with Washington to clamp down on those suspected supporters of the Al-Qaida organization in Yemen. 
 Today, Saturday, a Yemeni court turned down an appeal by three prisoners who are members of the Al-Qaida organization, one of whom was among the escaped prisoners who was found guilty of planning attacks on western targets in Gulf states. 
 Sarkozy in Morocco to Hold Talks on Fighting Immigration and Terrorism 
 Marrakesh (Morocco) 11-2 (AFP) - Moroccan Interior Minister Mustapha Sahel held talks today, Saturday, in Marrakesh with his French counterpart Nicolas Sarkozy on "fighting illegal immigration and terrorism", according to an official Moroccan source. 
 A joint statement made after the meeting, reported by the Moroccan news agency, said that the "talks dealt with matters related to strengthening cooperation between the two ministries, especially in the area of fighting all cross-border criminal activities which pose common challenges for both sides." 
 It added that "with regard to this, the two ministers praised the tangible and distinct results and the important steps made in the areas of fighting clandestine immigration and drug smuggling." 
 It said that the two countries' interior ministers had "decided to approve a cooperation program along new lines in the areas of police technology and science" and said that "a Moroccan police delegation would visit France next month to put the final touches to the cooperation agreement in this area." 
 The agency said that during the meeting, Sarkozy offered "clarifications about the draft law on immigration, especially measures aimed at rationalizing family groupings and immigration for the purpose of studying in France." 
 In addition to this, the statement said that the two ministers would "send a joint letter to their counterparts at the conference of interior ministers' of the North African-Mediterranean Basin countries to invite them to attend the forthcoming annual meeting to be held in May 2006 in the French city of Nice." 
 The conference of the North African-Mediterranean Basin countries includes Spain, Italy, France, Portugal, Malta, Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Tunisia and Mauritania. 
 The two ministers said they would "propose to their Spanish counterpart  (Jose Antonio Alonso) the holding of a tripartite meeting in the very near future on fighting drug smuggling." 
 The statement said that "talks were held in an atmosphere of mutual confidence and friendship reflecting the closeness of existing relations between the two countries in general and between the two interior ministries in particular." 
 The Moroccan news agency reported Sarkozy describing the talks in Marrakesh as "significant" and cooperation between the two interior ministries as "extremely close". 
 The French minister arrived in Marrakesh on Friday night on a two-day visit, the purpose of which was not announced. 
 Sarkozy's visit to Morocco comes four days after the visit by the head of the American Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI), Robert S. Muller, to Morocco and the Unite States handing over of three Moroccan prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay to Morocco. 
 At Least Five People Killed in Suicide Attack Outside Bank in Southeast Baghdad 
 Baghdad 2-13 (AFP) - A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry confirmed today, Monday, that at least five Iraqi civilians were killed and 32 others wounded in a suicide attack with an explosive belt on a group of citizens outside a bank in southeast Baghdad. 
 The source who wished to remain anonymous said that "at least five civilians were killed 
 and 23 others wounded when a suicide bomber wearing an explosive belt blew himself up among a group of citizens outside the Investment Bank in the New Baghdad area" in southeast Baghdad. 
 He added that the attack "took place at 9 o'clock local time (6 AM GMT)" and said that "the citizens were waiting to cash cheques given out by the government [...] for the shortage in monthly food rations." 
 A medical source at Al-Kindi Hospital said that he received "the bodies of five victims." 
 The same hospital source mentioned that 30 wounded had been admitted while a medical source at Ibn Al-Nafis Hospital said "five wounded" had been sent to him. 
 Head of Samarra General Hospital Denies Existence of Suspected Bird Flu Cases 
 Samarra (Iraq) 13-2 (AFP) - The head of Samarra General Hospital, Doctor Ahmed Jafar, denied today, Monday, the existence of any suspected cases of bird flu in the town which lies 120 km north of Baghdad. 
 In a statement to the France Presse news agency, Jafar "categorically denied" any suspected cases of the disease and said that the "area is so far free of any cases and even of any suspected cases of the disease." 
 He added that "our area is a highly likely candidate for cases as it lies between villages and the countryside and because there are many poultry farms here but we as a hospital have not yet registered any cases at all." 
 A source at the Samarra General Hospital had said yesterday, Sunday, that the hospital "sent four men to Baghdad with symptoms of severe flu". 
 The head of Samarra Hospital said that "this has absolutely no basis in truth." 
 The first cases of death from bird flu were recorded in Iraqi Kurdistan where two people died as a result of bird flu in Suleimaniya Hospital (330 km north of Baghdad). 
 One person died in Ammara (265 km south of Baghdad) of bird flu symptoms but the laboratory results of blood tests from bird breeder Muhanad Radhi (30 years-old) have not yet appeared. 
 Ten Churches Burned Down in 10 Days in the American State of Alabama 
 Birmingham (United States) 2-13 (AFP) - Ten churches were burned down in 10 days in the state of Alabama in the southern United States. Police suspect two men without knowing the motives for these acts which were reminiscent of racist acts in the past.. 
 The most recent criminal act today, Saturday, was the burning of the Beaverton Freewill Baptist Church 145 km northwest of the town of Birmingham. 
 The authorities quickly announced a link between previous acts of arson and this incident, the tenth of its kind. 
 There were no victims in these incidents but they did cause massive damage. 
 The series of incidents began with the burning of five churches in Bibb County on February 3rd. 
 Four days later, four more churches in three other neighboring counties to the west of Alabama were burned down. 
 Police, who have many leads, are looking for two white persons, in their 20s or 30s with a blue car seen near the churches. 
 The police announced a reward of 20,000 dollars for assistance in the arrest of the culprits. 
 At present, investigators can only guess the motives of the perpetrators of these acts and believe the perpetrators are trying to attract media attention. 
 In the 1950s and 1960s, many churches frequented by blacks were targeted in the state of Alabama. 
 The wave of churches frequented mainly by blacks being burned down began in 1995 and 1996 when over 30 religious establishments were set fire to in Tennessee, Louisiana, Alabama and South Carolina. 
 Saddam Hussein's Trial Resumes in his Presence 
 By Ammar Karim 
 (with photo) 
 Baghdad 2-13 (AFP) - Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and his seven colleagues caused chaos today, Monday, during their 11th trial hearing, insulting and interrupting the judge whom they accused of forcing them to attend court in spite of the absence of their defense counsel. 
 Saddam Hussein entered the courtroom wearing a blue robe and black jacket. As he entered, he repeated the words "Down with traitors, down with traitors, down with Bush, long live the nation, long live the nation, long live the nation." 
 The former president told the judge he had been forced to enter the courtroom. 
 This was followed by a chaotic situation in which the defendants objected to having to attend court by force. Barzan Ibrahim Al-Tikriti, Saddam Hussein's half-brother, shouted at Judge Raouf Rasheed Abdulrahman, "You have no mercy and your name in no way describes you. You are neither a praiseworthy Mahmoud nor a compassionate Raouf. You are a military ruler and not a judge. We do not want to sit in this place." 
 He added, "I can't continue with this session without my lawyer." 
 He went on to say that he was suffering from "an incurable disease and I've had medical tests by the Americans at the American military base. You have to let me go so that I can have treatment because the law states that a defendant with an incurable disease must be released. I am dying slowly, you are killing me." 
 When the judge informed him that the court had agreed to his being examined by a medical panel, he said, "If you fear God, release me so that I can have treatment with my family to support me. I will sign any undertaking to pledge that I will attend the hearings. I have honor and want to defend my honor." 
 He went on to say, "But if you think the Baath Party needs me, I want to tell you that the Baath Party is working perfectly well and doesn't need me or anyone else and its secretary-general (pointing to Saddam Hussein) has been in prison for two years so release me so I can have treatment." 
 The judge replied, "You have talked a lot and used up a lot of the court's time." Barzan interrupted him saying "I have the right to talk until tomorrow." 
 After that, Barzan Al-Tikriti noticed that the judge was ignoring his pleas for release. He got up from his chair and sat on the floor, turning his back on the judge and ignoring the court hearing. 
 ٍSaddam, who appeared to be angry and carried a Koran in his hands, swore at the judge for forcing him to attend the hearing. He said, "This is the practice of agents, God is great and may the despicable be driven away, God curse your mustache." 
 He added, "This is not a court, this is a game." 
 Saddam told the judge, "You have no right to appoint lawyers for us instead of our lawyers, with all due respect to them because they agreed to defend us, and with respect to every Iraqi." 
 The judge stated that "the court appointed lawyers to replace the defense team in accordance with Iraqi law after the defense layers boycotted the hearings." Saddam answered him saying "they did not boycott the hearings, it is you who threw them out and some of them were beaten up in front of you." 
 Judge Abdulrahman replied, "I will not allow you to talk about political matters." 
 Saddam interrupted him saying "You are ignorant. What politics? You are working in a biased way and in breach of the law." 
 He then heard the testimonies of various witnesses who talked about what they endured at the hands of the security services after being arrested in 1982. 
 Saddam Hussein made an objection. He said to the presiding judge, "When witnesses talk about politics, this is allowed, but when Saddam Hussein and his colleagues talk about political matters, this is prohibited." 
 Saddam Hussein, his former aides and the defense counsel boycotted the court's 10th hearing and withdrew from the previous hearing following an altercation  with the new judge who took over presidency of the Special Court, Raouf Rasheed Abdulrahman. 
 Lawyer Khalil Al-Dulaimi, head of Saddam Hussein's defense team, had told France Presse news agency in a telephone call on Sunday that "in my capacity as head of the defense team, I can confirm that none of the defense team nor the defendants will attend today's court hearing." 
 Jafar Al-Mosawi, the court's public prosecutor, stated that "the court will hold a meeting prior to the court hearing to look into the possibility of forcibly making the defendants appear or leaving them be if they insist on not attending." 
 He considered that "if the court reaches a decision, then this has to be implemented regardless of what that decision is." 
 Saddam Hussein and his aides have been on trial since last October for the killing of 148 people in the Shiite village of Dujail in retaliation against an attack on the former Iraqi president's escort during his visit to the village in 1982. 
 By Sam Dagger 
 Jeddah (Saudi Arabia) 2-13 (AFP) - The European Union's High Representative for Foreign Policy, Javier Solana, carried a message of "respect" to the Muslim world while the secretary-general of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu called on the Europeans to adopt legislation to combat "anti-Islamism". 
 The meeting between the two men took place at the headquarters of the Organization of the Islamic Conference in Jeddah on the Red Sea amidst the crisis arising from the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed, which many consider offensive to Muslims, in European newspapers. 
 Solana said after the meeting, "With regard to the European Union, we have profound respect for Muslims [...] we would never want to hurt their feelings" and said that "this was never our intention and will never be our intention." 
 He said that he had informed Ihsanoglu of this message by telephone but that he also wanted to deliver it personally. 
 For his part, Ihsanoglu stressed the need for Europeans to adopt legislation through the European Parliament to combat anti-Islamism. 
 Oglu said, "Unfortunately, what is happening now [...] is that since 9/11, the Muslim world has started to feel a new upsurge against it" in reference to the attacks against the United States in 2001. 
 Ihsanoglu called for basic principles to be outlined requiring respect of all religions and a ban on slander in a foundation statement by the new human rights council that it is currently being created. 
 Solana avoided directly answering the issue of legislation of this sort. However, he said that he saw "no problem in approving a clause to this effect if this comes within the framework of the human rights council that is currently being created." 
 This council will replace the current Commission which has its headquarters in Geneva. It lost a great deal of respect and credibility when it became apparent that its working procedures allow countries that do not respect human rights to be among its ranks. 
 Solana had announced on Wednesday that he would visit "several countries" in the region, including Saudi Arabia, to assuage anger in the Muslim world following the publication of these cartoons. 
 According to the visit schedule, Solana will head for Riyadh after this meeting where he will meet the Saudi Foreign Minister, Prince Saud Al-Faisal and King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz. 
 After Saudi Arabia, Solana will head for Egypt to meet President Hosni Mubarak and the secretary-general of the Arab League Amr Moussa, then Jordan and will end his trip in the Palestinian Territories and Israel. 
 The secretary-general of the Arab League Amr Moussa, in a speech to the Jeddah Economic Forum on Sunday, called for the "evil spark" caused by the publication of the offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed to be extinguished and rejected a return to the Crusades. 
 Moussa said, "It is not appropriate to have a conflict between east and west in this age. Let us Muslims, we who care about good relations, shake hands with our brothers in Europe and America who share our view, and they are many, and we will extinguish this evil spark." 
 He added, "Let us put this matter behind us and work together, we and them, to prevent this happening again." 
 The offensive drawings of the Prophet Mohammed were first published in a Danish newspaper in September before being published in several other European newspapers in the name of freedom of expression. 
 The region saw Danish goods being boycotted and violent protests in the Arab and Muslim world which resulted in many people being killed and wounded. 
 Saudi Arabia, Libya and Syria recalled their ambassadors from Denmark. 
 Denmark pulled out its ambassadors from Syria, Iran and Indonesia, fearing for their safety. 
 Officer in Charge of Training Iraqi Police Force Killed in Baghdad 
 (in addition to the wounding of two police cadets and the discovery of four bodies in Baghdad) 
 Baghdad 2-14 (AFP) - Iraqi Security sources announced today, Tuesday, that an officer with the rank of colonel who was in charge of training the Baghdad Police Force was killed in the early hours of Tuesday by a bullet fired by gunmen in the Dora area, south of the Iraqi capital. 
 A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry, who wished to remain anonymous, said that "unknown gunmen assassinated Colonel Mahdi Mutlek, head of training for the Baghdad Police Force, late on Monday night." 
 He said that "the incident took place in the Dora area (south) as Colonel Mutlek was in one of the streets in the area he lived in. Gunmen opened fire then fled." 
 The same source said that "two police cadets were wounded today, Tuesday, when two explosive charges exploded when their patrol passed through the Dora area." 
 He said that "the first charge hit the car they were in while the second charge only caused material damage", without giving further details. 
 Elsewhere, a source at the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said that the "Iraqi security forces found four unidentified bodies in various parts of Baghdad." 
 He said that "the two bodies were found on the outskirts of the Shaala area (north), a third body was found in the Kasra and Attash area (east) while the fourth was found in the Shaab area (northeast)" and stated that "all the bodies were of unidentified men shot at close range." 
 Dubai Ports World's Takeover of British P&amp;O for Around Seven Billion Dollars 
 Dubai 2-14 (AFP) - It was announced in Dubai today, Tuesday, that shareholders in the British ports and ferries company P&amp;O voted on Monday in London in favor of a takeover offer by Dubai Ports World of around seven billion dollars. 
 Al-Bayan newspaper in Dubai reported John Parker, P&amp;O chairman, as saying 99.5% of shareholders voted in favor of the offer in their general session on Monday. 
 It said that "this deal ends 165 years of British ownership of P&amp;O" and  that this makes Dubai Ports World the third biggest international group for port and container management and operations. 
 Sultan Bin Salim, the executive head of Dubai Ports World said that "all ports and container terminals held by P&amp;O will be operated under the umbrella of Dubai Ports World as soon as Dubai Ports World take over in early March, after which there will be a merger." 
 This deal saw sharp competition between the Emirates company and Singapore BSA lasting two and a half months until the Singaporean company announced recently that it was withdrawing from the bid. 
 The final contract is expected to be signed next March 2nd. 
 This means Dubai Ports World will operate 51 ports in 30 countries in place of the current 22 ports, raising its capacity to 50 million containers versus 20 million at present. 
 The new ports which will be operated by Dubai Ports World include six major ports in the United States of America located in New York, New Jersey, Baltimore, New Orleans, Miami and Philadelphia. 
 Saddam Hussein Trial Resumes in his Presence 
 (with photo) 
 Baghdad 2-14 (AFP) - The hearing of the trial of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and seven aides began today, Tuesday, in the presence of Saddam Hussein, in the case of the killing of 148 villagers from the Shiite village of Dujail in the eighties, according to a France Presse news agency correspondent. 
 As Saddam Hussein entered the courtroom, he chanted "God is great, long live the Arab nation" while Barzan Al-Tikriti, Saddam Hussein's half-brother said "I would sacrifice my  mother and father to you, O Baath Party". 
 Saddam Hussein was wearing the long blue robe and black jacket he was wearing yesterday. 
 The hearing began around 12:00 (09:00 GMT) and is the twelfth one. 
 The court is supposed to hear from several witnesses, among them Hamid Yusuf Hamadi, the ousted president's former private secretary who also worked as a Minister of Culture and Information. 
 Former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his aides caused chaos during the Monday hearing in their eleventh hearing which lasted about three hours when they swore at and interrupted the judge whom they accused of making them attend against their will, in the absence of their defense council. 
 Saddam and seven aides have been on trial since last October for the killing of 148 people from the Shiite village of Dujail in retaliation against a failed attack on his escort in 1982. 
 Mofaz Accuses Hizbollah of Attempting to Ignite Israel's Northern Front 
 Cairo 2-14 (AFP) - Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz accused the Shiite Lebanese party Hizbollah of attempting to ignite Israel's northern front with the "support of Syria and Iran." 
 Mofaz told journalists at the end of a meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo that "Hizbollah is using Lebanese territory as a base for its terrorist activities against Israel." 
 He added, "We know that Syria and Iran are supporting Hizbollah and their aim is to deflect the international community's attention away from Syria to the Lebanese-Israeli border." 
 He said Syria was under American and Western pressure because "it supports and funds terrorism." 
 He said that he had informed Mubarak of the recent operation carried out by Hizbollah along the border and that "they try to kidnap Israeli soldiers". 
 The Israeli minister said that "Hizbollah's aim, backed by Syria and Iran, is to open a second front against Israel." 
 Hizbollah carried out an attack on February 3rd in the disputed Shaba Farms area on the border between Lebanon, Syria and Israel after a Lebanese shepherd was shot by the Israelis. The Israeli army retaliated and this led to an escalation of tensions along the border. 
 Iran Confirms that it has Resumed its Uranium Enrichment Operations (summary) 
 By Siyavush Ghazi 
 Tehran 2-14 (AFP) - Today, Tuesday, Tehran confirmed that it has resumed its uranium enrichment operations at the Natnaz plant and refused to put on hold its "research" in this area while western countries have stipulated that this process must stop before negotiations with Tehran can be resumed on the issue of Tehran's nuclear program. 
 Javad Waidi, member of the Supreme Council for National Security and in charge of the nuclear dossier, announced that "work has started" at the uranium enrichment plant in Natnaz (center). 
 On Monday, Tehran announced the removal of the seals and monitoring cameras belonging to the International Atomic Energy Commission from the Natnaz plant. 
 Diplomatic sources in Vienna, the headquarters of the International Atomic Energy Commission, announced that Iran had resumed the enrichment program at that plant. 
 However, Waidi declined to comment on statements saying that the Iranians had begun enrichment work by adding uranium hexafluoride gas into the centrifuge system. 
 He told journalists, after a speech to a Tehran Muslim students' association, "I cannot give you an answer about these technical matters." 
 Resumption of the enrichment process itself led to talks with the Europeans being cut off last August, then in January after they were resumed in December. 
 These countries took a decision on 4th February at the International Atomic Energy Commission to ask Iran to suspend all sensitive activities and informed the Security Council of the Iranian dossier. 
 However, instead of complying, Tehran responded by announcing the end of reinforced monitoring of its nuclear program set up by the International Atomic Energy Commission and the resumption of all activities, especially those connected with enrichment on a large scale. 
 The Natnaz plant includes two enrichment units, one of which focuses on research while the second is an industrial-scale installation under construction. 
 With regard to this unit, Waidi said that Iran "needs time to complete its industrial capacity with about 60,000 centrifuges (to enrich uranium) but we have started our activities". He said that his country saw "no reason at the present time to make further comments" about its activities at this site. 
 Waidi justified the series of unilateral initiatives by his country saying that "the Europeans, after starting with good intentions over the past three years, are now asking us to completely abandon the nuclear power series". 
 The Europeans reject Iran enriching uranium on its territory because they regard this country as not having proved that its nuclear program is for civilian purposes. 
 The enrichment process is fundamental to obtaining nuclear power but can also be used to make nuclear weapons. 
 The International Atomic Energy Commission is expected to hold another meeting on March 6th to look into whether Iran has complied with its requirements and will probably decide to refer the file to the Security Council. 
 In the meantime, an Iranian delegation is visiting Moscow on February 20th according to Waidi to examine a Russian proposal to enrich Iranian uranium on its territory. 
 However, this proposal is dependent on the position of the Iranians who are carrying out the enrichment process on their territory which is what western countries object to. 
 German Muslim Institute Invites Ahmadinejad to Visit Auschwitz 
 (return to Qatar) 
 Berlin 14-2 (AFP) - A German Muslim institute criticized the Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday night for his statements about the Jewish holocaust during World War II and called on the Iranian president to visit Auschwitz for himself "if he is brave enough to. " 
 A spokesman for the Islam-Archiv-Deutschland Institute told the German Catholic news agency KNA that "in this terrible place, he can deny the Jewish holocaust again if he is brave enough to." 
 The spokesman added that by denying the holocaust, Ahmadinejad not only does damage to the memory of Jews who were victims of the holocaust but also insults the memory of the 200,000 gypsies and Arabs who were killed in the "Gypsy Camp" in Auschwitz-Birkenau and other detention camps. 
 He went on to say that the president of a Muslim country adopting a Nazi anti-Semitic stance was "a disgrace to Muslims the world over." 
 The Islam-Archiv-Deutschland Institute, founded in 1927, is the oldest Muslim society in Germany. 
 It aims to protect the archives of the Muslim community since the 18th century and promotes dialogue between Germany's Muslims and other religious groups. 
 Palestinian Liberation Organization: Expansion of Settlements Wrecks Opportunities to Achieve Peace in the Region 
 By Nasser Abu Bakr 
 Ramallah (West Bank) 15-2 (AFP) - The Executive Committee of the Palestinian Liberation Organization today, Wednesday, regarded the expansion of Israeli settlements as wrecking opportunities to achieve peace in the region and reiterated its full commitment to all agreements signed with the Israeli government under international patronage. 
 A statement by the Executive Committee at the close of a meeting today at the headquarters in Ramallah, presided over by the Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas, a copy of which was sent to Agency France Press, said that "the Executive Committee is reflecting on the attack targeted at the Al-Aghwar area in an Israeli attempt to isolate this area from the rest of the Palestinian Territories on the West Bank under blatant security and expansionist pretexts." 
 It stated its "outright rejection of these settlement plans which are tearing up our Palestinian land into isolated cantons to stop our people from establishing an independent state." 
 The statement went on to say that "the Executive Committee has turned to the quadripartite committee that created the road map to inform it of our position on this creeping settlement on our land and the need for it to play its role in the peace process and the two-state (establishment) solution." 
 It went on to say that "the continued settlement of Holy Jerusalem, the racist separation wall and isolation of the Al-Aghwar area in an attempt to make it Jewish, as well as the crimes of assassination, violations and detentions only wreck any chance of establishing a just and permanent peace in the Middle East." 
 It added, "It has been decided to hold a meeting of the Supreme Council under Saleem Al-Zanoun(Abu Al-Adib), president of Ramallah's national council, this week to discuss current preparations for convening the Central Palestinian Council and to approve plans and decisions prepared by the Supreme Council to activate the organization, the executive committee and specific departments." 
 The statement said the committee "discussed the forthcoming meeting of the Palestinian Legislative Council to be held on Saturday" and declared a "total commitment to all national principles approved by successive Palestinian national councils, as well as commitment to the Palestinian Liberation Organization's political program and the 1988 declaration of independence." 
 It confirmed "its total commitment to all political agreements signed with the government of Israel under international patronage as well as abiding by international legal resolutions relating to the Palestinian issue, especially resolution 194 concerning the right of return of Palestinian refugees and the decisions of the Arab summit in Beirut." 
 The statement said that "all Palestinian bodies must play their political and national roles, at the forefront of which are the legislative and executive bodies, in order to ensure our national interests and international recognition of the Organization, the Authority and the higher interests of our people." 
 Salih Rafaat, member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization's Executive Committee, told the France Presse news agency in a statement that "the Committee has decided to start a wide scale diplomatic campaign on the Arab and international front, including the Security Council, the quadripartite committee and signatory countries of the Geneva conventions, in order to challenge the Israeli policy aimed at concealing settlements in the Al-Aghwar area and unilaterally drawing up the border." 
 He added, "The Executive Committee confirms that members of the Legislative Council are members of the National Council. With this, the Hamas movement enters the Palestinian National Council which is considered to be the Palestinian Liberation Organization's parliament and this also qualifies it to join all the Organization's institutions which the Hamas movement was previously cautious about joining." 
 He went on to say, "The Executive Committee has discussed President Abbas' speech which he is to make at the Legislative Council's inauguration ceremony next Saturday." 
 Rafaat said that the speech "will declare commitment to the Liberation Organization's political line and will say that any president of the Palestinian government must abide by Palestinian, Arab and international law." 
 Rice Admits Mistakes Made by American Administration in Rebuilding Iraq 
 Washington 16-2 (AFP) - American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was forced to admit at a Congress hearing today, Thursday, several mistakes made by the American administration in rebuilding Iraq. 
 After Kent Conrad, Democrat senator for North Dakota, rained down questions on her about the results of rebuilding programs which the United States has spent in excess of 20 billion dollars on, Rice was forced to admit two mistakes made by the American administration, one relating to the training of Iraqi forces and the other to infrastructure. 
 The Secretary of State, who was giving evidence to the Senate's budget committee, said that the Iraqi security forces were now up to 227,000 men. 
 She said, "To be honest, we made a mistake in the beginning because we depended on quantity and not on quality. The people we have now are competent." 
 When she spoke about the United States "developing a considerable part of the infrastructure", especially with regard to drinking water and water  purification, Rice admitted under pressure after being questioned by the senator that the number of Iraqis supplied with drinking water and waste disposal means  was less than before the war. 
 She added, "You're right, we've focused our efforts on strengthening resources to secure these services" and not on local water supply and purification systems. 
 Conrad answered her saying "we can improve these resources and that's good but what people care about in the end is having these services." 
 Strange Laws Give England a Hilarious Side 
 By Jalal Malti 
 London 2-17 (AFP) - England has a set of old laws and traditions, some of which are strange and some of which are funny, that are still in force even if they are not applied but in any case, law students find them hilarious. 
 One of these laws is a law dating back to 1279 which stipulates that "members of parliament are not permitted to wear armor" inside parliament. This law was aimed at preventing feuds and fights ending in death between lords in a country with deep democratic roots. 
 Another strange law prohibits members of parliament from dying in Westminster Palace and should this happen, then the corpse had to be carried outside parliament before a death certificate can be issued. 
 Nigel Cawthorne, editor of a book called Strange Laws of Old England which reviews these amazing regulations forgotten by time, says that the reasoning behind this law is that Westminster Palace is a royal palace and everyone who dies in a palace has the right to a formal funeral." 
 Members of parliament are also allowed to gamble and drink alcohol freely in Westminster including inside the library while citizens would incur a fine for such behavior according to the Library Breaches law (1898). 
 In England, there are over 4000 national laws, 11,000 bylaws and 13,000 special laws passed before 1801 and which are still in force. 
 Cawthorne told Agency France Press news agency that "the legal tradition is very important" in England, saying that "things change but very slowly and (laws) come one after another." 
 The fact is that members of parliament legislated many aspects of daily life, some of them very ordinary and in the 19th century, at the height of the industrial revolution, they issued a number of laws aimed at organizing life in the suburbs. 
 This attention to detail led for example to the prohibition of washing being hung out in the street, firing a gun without a reason, lighting a fire in the garden, flying kites, ice-skating, disturbing residents by knocking on their door without a reason, lighting street lights "intentionally and illegally" and other laws that are now regarded as hilarious. 
 Some of these laws have not been implemented for a long time because of the progress made since they were issued, the funniest of which is not being allowed to ride a horse, cow or steam car in an inebriated state (1872). 
 A law dating back to 1867 also prohibits anyone "living less than a mile from an ammunition or explosives depot" from owning a pack of cards while a law issued in 1839 stipulates that anyone firing a canon near a house should be punished. 
 Kevin Martin, president of the Law Society responsible for suggesting laws that ought to be annulled, says that "these unusual examples give us an idea about the tradition of law in this country and also prove the need to renew the law and adapt to reality." 
 More than 2000 laws have been annulled since 1965 in a massive operation to update laws. 
 However, British members of parliament insist on continuing to issue strange laws such as the "outer space law" (1986) which prohibits any British citizen from "throwing a body into space" without official permission and defines space as including the "moon and the majority of celestial bodies." 
 They also deemed it wise to give judges the power to issue orders "to use a reasonable amount of force" in hitting back against a possible invasion by aliens. 
 Sunni Imam Warns Against Celebrating Valentine's Day 
 Baghdad 2-17 (AFP) - Three days after Valentine's Day, a Sunni Imam launched an attack, during his Friday sermon, on Valentine's Day and those celebrating it in Iraq, saying that it "diverts young people from virtue to sin." 
 Most Imams in Iraqi mosques focused their Friday sermons on images of prisoner abuse dating back to 2004 while others focused on poor services and the difficult security situation in the country, however Sheikh Mahmoud Al-Sumeidi, Imam of the Umm Al-Qura Mosque, focused on Valentine's Day which is celebrated throughout the world on the 14th of this month and saw it as bearing no relation to Islam. 
 He said, "International Valentine's Day happened two or three days ago, and unfortunately many of our young men and women on this day do what our enemies like, and exchanged gifts and words, even to the point of kissing. This is how our enemies want us to live, far removed from virtue." 
 Valentine's Day is a very popular day in Iraq, just as it is in other countries in the world, in which young people give their girlfriends chocolates, flowers, perfumes and other gifts. 
 Al-Sumeidi added, "Every invasion has an aim and the invasion of our country targets our young people and wants to divert them from virtue to sin." 
 The celebration of this occasion in Iraq goes back to before the American invasion in 2003. A big celebration was held on this occasion during the era of ousted president Saddam Hussein's regime and state television would show programs dedicated to the occasion. 
 The Iraqi president's son, Uday, was known to hold big parties on Valentine's Day, in the Hunting Club in the sophisticated Mansour area, which used to go on until the early hours of the morning. 
 Al-Sumeidi said that "nothing is said in Islam about Valentine's Day and Muslims must live by their religion." 
 Berlusconi Signs Political Agreement with Far Right in Italy 
 Rome 2-17 (AFP) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi today, Friday, signed a political agreement seven weeks prior to the legislative elections with the neo-Fascist Social Alternative movement led by Alessandra Mussolini, granddaughter of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. 
 Berlusconi said in the presence of Mussolini, "We have reached an agreement on the agenda between the House of Liberties (ruling alliance) and Social Alternative", broadening his election alliance to include the far right. 
 The alliance with Social Alternative in preparation for the elections on April 19th angered the rest of Berlusconi's alliance because of the inclusion of controversial figures allied with the far-right neo-Fascist movement. 
 Berlusconi said that "our family photo album is perfect, it's pure white." 
 A solution was reached when Mussolini and her two irritating allies Roberto Fiore, leader of Forza Nuova (New Force), and Adriano Tilgher, leader of the National Social Front, decided not to personally stand as candidates on the alliance list and nominated other candidates. 
 Massimo D'Alema, leader of the Democratic left (biggest opposition party) said today that "it is a very dangerous matter indeed, to have Berlusconi sign agreements with the neo-Fascist far right." 
 Ignazio La Russa, leader of the National Alliance (conservative right wing party which sprung out of the Fascist movement), the second party in Berlusconi's alliance, said that in spite of the Social Alternative leaders withdrawing their candidacy, "the basic problem remains which is a split in basic values and the political agenda." 
 Mussolini's party is calling for the rejection of Turkey joining the European Union, the European detention brief and abortion laws. It wants the deportation of immigrants and the signing of a new agreement with the Catholic Church, and condemns "American imperialism." 
 Muslims Biggest Victims of Terrorism Committed in the Name of Islam (Belgian Study) 
 Brussels 2-17 (AFP) - A new study by Belgian researchers called "The Growth of Terrorism in 2005" reports that Muslims are the biggest victims of terrorism committed in the name of Islam and that international terrorism strikes the Middle East more often than the West. 
 On the other hand, the study showed that 90% of victims of terrorism in 2005 were killed in Iraq and Jordan. 
 This study was led by Rick Kolsat, lecturer in international relations at Ghent University in west Belgium and was published on the government's "Economy" internet site. 
 According to the study, the number of international terrorist acts fell considerably in 2005 compared to 2004, in which 266 attacks killed 443 people in 2004 versus 393 attacks killing 733 people in 2005. 
 The study regarded terrorism as not being a widespread danger since it is essentially concentrated in one region, the Middle East. 
 On the other hand, "local" terrorism perpetrated by the citizens of a country against targets in their own country increased considerably between 2004 and 2005 with the number of attacks rising by 90% and a 60% increase in the number of victims. 
 The study attributed this increase almost entirely to the situation in Iraq. 
 It also said that "the conflict in Iraq, presented as being a factor in the war on terrorism, contributed to making Iraq the current center for terrorism." 
 Citing these figures, Rick Kolsat said in a telephone conversation, "Imagine how the Muslim world views these figures when the West insists that it is the one threatened by terrorism?" 
 The study revealed that "the concept that suggests that international terrorism is basically an external threat is not supported by fact." 
 On the same note, Kolsat said that "Jihad-based terrorism is not the existential danger we perceive it to be, although it is a challenge to our societies." 
 This study, the second of its kind, was based on data obtained form the renowned American institution Rand Corporation, from the National Memorial for the Prevention of Terrorism and its databank on terrorism. 
 Berlusconi Faces Difficulty in Sacking Minister Accused of Insulting Islam 
 By Christian Spielmann 
 Rome 2-18 (AFP) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi battled with his allies in the Northern League today, Saturday, to be allowed to sack one of his top men, Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli, in order to ease tensions caused by his offensive statements about Islam in the Muslim world. 
 The Prime Minister asked Calderoli to resign but stressed on the same day, Saturday, that he had "no authority to force him" to do so. 
 The minister in question responded by saying that he was prepared to resign "if Umberto Bossi (leader of the Northern League) asks me to do so and if the Muslim world makes a conciliatory gesture." 
 The Italian minister is accused of insulting Islam by wearing a T-shirt with the offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed which led to a dangerous international crisis. He wore the T-shirt on Thursday and appeared in it on the evening news on Italy's Channel "RAI Uno". 
 This action and further accusations against Islam he made in press statements on Friday led to violent anti-Italian demonstrations in Libya in which 10 people were killed on Friday. 
 Roberto Calderoli does not intend to apologize. The newspaper Corriere Della Sera reported today, Saturday, that he said "I don't feel responsible for those deaths." 
 He stressed in a statement to the newspaper La Repubblica that "western civilization is under threat." 
 Silvio Berlusconi caused shock waves in the Muslim world when he stated that "western civilization is superior". This was on September 26, 2001, two weeks after the attacks in the United States. He faced a great deal of difficulty in making amends for these statements. 
 Calderoli (49 years old), a former specialist maxillofacial surgeon, is seen as an extremely conservative member of the Northern League, a movement that is against foreigners and allied to Berlusconi. 
 He came into the government in July 2004 to replace Bossi, the leader of the League, who was forced to resign after a heart attack. The League runs three ministries: the Justice, Labor and Reform Ministries. 
 Roberto Calderoli says he enjoys the support of Umberto Bossi and his party, as well as "the support of many who think like me." 
 He bragged to La Repubblica newspaper, "Silvio Berlusconi has asked for my resignation but I haven't resigned yet." 
 The Italian authorities fear more anti-Italian demonstrations today, Saturday, in the Muslim world in addition to repercussions in Italy. 
 Berlusconi announced that he had asked Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisano to provide security for the Northern League's offices and said that "protective measures have been taken to ensure the safety of Italian missions abroad." 
 Italy's Foreign Minister, Gianfranco Fini, announced his intention to visit a mosque in Rome today, Saturday, in an effort to ease the tension caused by Calderoli's statements. 
 This is not the first time the prime minister has clashed with the Northern League in asking for the resignation of one of its ministers from government. 
 In July 2003, he was forced to negotiate with Umberto Bossi on the matter of the resignation of Tourism Minister Stefano Stefani who made offensive statements about German tourists. 
 The confrontation lasted a week and caused a crisis in diplomatic relations with Germany which were in trouble anyway because of insults Silvio Berlusconi made personally about a German deputy whom he compared to a Nazi prison guard. 
 This new crisis comes at a sensitive phase for the prime minister who is submerged in a difficult campaign for the legislative elections to be held on April 19. Maurizio Gaspari, a National Alliance leader (right), said that the crisis "has come at a time when our position in opinion polls has started to improve ." 
 The Film "My Angel Alexandria" Wins Prizes at the Catholic Center's Egyptian Film Festival 
 Cairo 2-18 (AFP) - The film "My Angel Alexandria" by Sandra Nashaat won prizes last night, Friday, for Best Film, Best Director and Best Screenplay in the Catholic Center's 54th Egyptian Film Festival. 
 Festival jury president Ali Badrakhan said the film won these prizes because it "managed to present a police character in a framework of excitement and action with great vision and depth." 
 The film deals with a lawyer (Ahmed Izz) who defends a woman (Ghada Adil) accused of killing her husband. He manages to get her acquitted then marries her, only to discover after they have a child together that she had plotted with a lawyer friend of his (Khalid Salih) to involve him in proving her innocence. He hands her over to the police so that she can be held accountable again. 
 The film "Downtown Girls" by Mohammed Khan won Best Actress prize for Muna Shalbi while its director won the jury's Special Prize. "Cholesterol Free", directed and written by Mohammed Abu Yusif, won Best Actor prize for Ashraf Abdulbaqi. 
 Special awards went to actress Ghada Adil for her role in "My Angel Alexandria" and scriptwriter Mohammed Rifat for his screenplay "Your are My Life" by Khalid Yusuf as well as the director of photography, Samir Bahzan. 
 The jury consisted of the actress Pussy, who at the closing ceremony confirmed her divorce from Nur Al-Sharif after 33 years of marriage, as well as of the actors Hala Sudqi, Omar Al-Hariri, Sayid Radhi and critics Rafiq Al-Sabban and Khairiya Al-Bashlawi. 
 Nelly, Jamal Ismail and Muhieddin Ismail were honored while two others who were to be honored, Hassan Yusuf and artist Izzet Al-Alaili, were absent. 
 Italian Minister Roberto Calderoli Resigns 
 Rome 2-18 (AFP) -The Italian news agency (ANSA) reported that the Italian Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli today, Saturday, announced his resignation from the Italian government following pressure from colleagues in the government after Libya held him responsible for a violent demonstration in which 10 people were killed in Benghazi on Friday because of his offensive statements and behavior towards Islam. 
 Calderoli told journalists "I have resigned". 
 Calderoli is a senior member of the anti-foreigner Northern League led by Umberto Bossi. 
 Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, as well as the leaders of all the other parties which make up the government, asked him to resign following the violent demonstration outside the Italian consulate in Benghazi (northeast Libya) in which 10 people were killed. 
 The Al-Gaddafi Institution, headed by Saif Al-Islam, Libyan President Muammar Gaddafi's son, today, Saturday, held the "racist and spiteful" Calderoli responsible for the demonstration. 
 The institution said in a statement that it regarded the minister's "racist and spiteful statements as a driving force to bring about retaliation and whose basic motivation was to be provocative, hurtful and sacrilegious." 
 The institution called on the "Italian government to immediately take necessary measures against this minister." 
 One Police Officer Killed and Four Others Injured in Two Separate Attacks in Iraq 
 Baghdad 2-18 (AFP) - A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry announced this evening, Saturday, that one police officer was killed in an attack in the north of the capital Baghdad and four others were injured in a suicide bombing in southern Baghdad. 
 The source, who wished to remain anonymous, said an officer with the Iraqi police was killed in Al-Suleikh in the north of the capital Baghdad. 
 He said that "unidentified gunmen killed Lieutenant Udai Khayoun at 1900 local time." 
 The same source also said that "a suicide bomber detonated the car he was driving near Al-Mahmoudiya Court (30 km south of Baghdad), targeting Iraqi police and injuring four of them." 
 He said the explosion took place at 2000 local time (GMT 1700). 
 Welcome to the news bulletin on Al-Jazeera. 
 A delegation of Hamas leaders headed by Khaled Mashaal, the head of the movement's political bureau, held talks with Egyptian officials in Cairo about developments in the situation in the Palestinian Territories after the legislative elections and consultations regarding the formation of the future Palestinian government. 
 Ismail Haniya denied that the Egyptian government or the Palestinian President had requested the movement to recognize Israel as a precondition to being asked to form the next Palestinian government. 
 Haniya said that the movement, while committed to its political program and the principles of the Palestinian people, was also a realistic and pragmatic movement. 
 Haniya, who is the strongest candidate to head the first Hamas government in Palestine, added that Hamas might accept a long-term ceasefire if Israel releases its Palestinian prisoners and stops the policy of assassinations. 
 Ah, there are no pressures being applied, ah, by our sister, Egypt, on the Islamic Resistance Movement, Hamas, regarding Hamas's political stances. 
 Ah, and the relationship between us and, ah, Egypt is a relationship based on mutual respect and it consists of many facets. Egypt visualized a Palestinian-Palestinian dialog and we always, I mean, used to agree and understand each other in the shadow of Egyptian patronage but there are no pressures applied on the Hamas movement by Egypt. 
 Of course, the Hamas movement has its own political program based on which Hamas took part in the election at the same time as being to true to the rights and principles of the Palestinian people. At the same time, it is a realistic movement dealing with an open vision, open to the Arabic and Islamic environment as well as the regional and international. It will take positions and decisions that will preserve the supreme interests of the Palestinian people. 
 In the Palestinian Territory the Attorney General, Ahmed al-Mughni, said that the investigations regarding corruption have concluded that senior officials in the Palestinian Authority might have been involved in stealing or squandering public funds of no less than 700,000 dollars. 
 Al-Mughni said in a press conference that those involved in these cases will be tried. 
 The file on the cement used to build the separation wall has been referred to the legislative council. 
 I will explain about the Middle East dossier for pipes which has been referred by the legislative council. 
 We posit in this file that there are approximately six million dollars, of which four million dollars was the share of the Palestinian National Authority and two million the share, ah, of the Italian authority, the Italian government. 
 This is what was planned on paper but in reality it does not exist. 
 Here, I, we are looking into where this money has been squandered. 
 There are serious investigations into this matter. 
 Also the dossier on the misuse of identity fraud, deception and forgery of official papers by people in senior positions numbers more the twenty cases. Bills of indictment on some of these have been passed to the appropriate court and the rest will be, on completion of the investigation. 
 We are also investigating a large dossier on the Institute of Medical Jurisprudence in Abu Dheyf. 
 The dossier on the Society for the Protection of Citizens shows extremely large financial misappropriation. 
 It was found that in the dossier on the General Council for Broadcasting, Television and Palestinian Satellite that there was misappropriation of more than twenty million dollars. 
 Iran announced that it has suspended all its commercial and economic ties with Denmark in protest against drawings ((published)) by one of its newspapers which were offensive to the feelings of Muslims. 
 The European Union warned Iran that its boycott of Danish goods would affect its commercial relations with the Union's states. 
 Today demonstrators stormed the Danish Embassy compound in Tehran and threw fire-bombs before they left in protest against the publication of drawings offensive to the noble Prophet. 
 [ ] 
 For the second consecutive day Iranian demonstrators gave vent to their anger against the Danish Embassy, storming it and attacking it with fire-bombs in protest against the publication by Danish papers of drawings offensive to the Messenger, Mohammed Ibn Abdullah, may God's blessings be upon him. 
 The attack on the Danish Embassy is the second of its kind targeted at a western embassy in Tehran as yesterday two hundred student demonstrators stormed the Austrian Embassy smashing its windowpanes and starting small fires. The Austrian Embassy was targeted because Austria is the present Chairman of the European Union. 
 Denmark protested to Iran because of the two attacks on its Embassy and demanded that Tehran protect its diplomats. Meanwhile the European Union increased its pressure on Arab and Islamic states to control such protests and reminded nineteen countries of the treaty that commits them to protecting diplomatic missions. 
 Thousands of other Muslims all over the world joined in these protests denouncing the insult to the Prophet of Islam. Some of these were apparently violent as occurred in the Afghan capital, Kabul, where police struck out with their batons and arrested a number of them when they stoned the Danish diplomatic mission. 
 The Kabul protest was preceded by a protest outside Bagram, the American military base in Afghanistan, where Afghan forces fired at protestors, killing four of them and wounding no less than 19 others. 
 The protest in Bagram is considered the first of its kind against an American target. 
 While protests spread around the Islamic world the Administration of the American President , George Bush, called upon Saudi Arabia to use its influence to mitigate the tension in the Middle East and Europe. 
 Denmark asked its citizens in about ten Islamic countries to leave because of the background of continuing angry demonstrations at the publication in a Danish paper of offensive drawings of the noble Messenger. 
 The crisis between Denmark and the Islamic world increased and Denmark's ability to contain it weakened despite diplomatic mobilization for this purpose. 
 [ ] 
 Denmark did not imagine, even in its worst nightmares, that the issue of the cartoons which were offensive to the noble Messenger would produce such inflammatory consequences in all senses. 
 According to reports in the Danish media, the scenes of the burning Danish Embassy and Consulate in Damascus and Beirut shocked and surprised them with the extent of Muslim anger all over the world. 
 The scenes caused the Danish Foreign Minister Per Stig Moller to describe the situation as critical and admit that the crisis had gone beyond Denmark. 
 It is a much bigger crisis than Denmark. It threatens the cooperation between the Islamic and Western worlds 
 The Danish authority thought that an apology from the newspaper Jyllands Posten which published the drawings together with a reception for the  ambassadors of Islamic states in Copenhagen by the Danish Prime Minister, Andres Fogh Rasmussen, would be enough to calm down popular as well as official sentiment, although it would appear that that was not enough. 
 While awaiting the diplomatic mobilization which Denmark instigated on several fronts to appease the situation, Copenhagen has realized that it will be paying a levy in the form of its interests and economics as a result of its silence concerning the violation of the religious sentiments of Muslims on its soil. 
 Danish companies could lose 1,600,000,000 dollars if the shelves of shops in Islamic countries remain empty of Danish goods such as milk and cheese. 
 The situation does not depend on the economic boycott of Danish products because the real surprise was probably caused by the official American and British denunciation of the publication of the pictures. 
 These denunciations might destroy the great effort that Denmark has expended over the years in establishing an outstanding policy of alliance with the United States which have led to it being described in Europe as the voice of America. 
 We continue the 
 The French magazine Charlie Hebdo has republished the cartoons which are offensive to the noble Prophet, saying that it had done this to support the democratic right to freedom of expression. 
 The magazine in its editorial condemned what it considered an attempt by religious extremists to force a backing-down from democratic principles. 
 Chirac accused the papers which published the drawings of provocation, and said he thought they inflamed feelings in a dangerous manner. 
 In Indonesia, the Foreign Minister said that the publication of these drawings which are offensive to the noble Prophet was an opportunity exploited by extremist groups to make the situation lose control. This announcement coincided with what the Danish Prime Minister ((Rasmussen)) stressed yesterday, that there were elements pouring oil on the fire for the sake of their own special agenda, hinting directly that there was political and religious use being made of these protests. 
 [ ] 
 Justification had to be found for all the protests that swept the streets of the Islamic world and the extent of the anger which prevented them from listening to the West's calls for calm. 
 Justification was put forward yesterday by the Prime Minister of Denmark ((Andres Fogh Rasmussen)) when he said that there were extremists who pour oil on the fire because of what he called their special agendas. 
 [Speaker 2] The Indonesian Foreign Minister today did not greatly disagree with him when he announced that the publication of the cartoons provided an opportunity which was exploited by extremists to make the situation lose control. 
 [ ] 
 Two statements, based it would seem on pointers noted by observers, some of which are slogans which were adopted here in Iran, were aimed at Denmark but also the United States, Israel and Austria which is the present chair of the European Union and hosts the headquarters of the International Atomic Energy Agency. 
 The scene in Iran was read as an attempt to exploit religious feelings for the purpose of mobilization against anyone trying to isolate Iran because of the background to its nuclear file. 
 The conspiracy theory itself was used to justify the intensity of the demonstrations in Syria and Lebanon some of whose politicians accuse Damascus of being behind them. 
 But there was more than one angle to the scenes from the demonstrations. For example it was found that those who were classified by the West in the extremists' pigeonhole were not always at the forefront of the demonstrators. 
 In Gaza Fatah activists rather than those from Islamic Jihad were the prime movers for the demonstrations. 
 In Beirut the scenes of religious people trying to put a brake on the demonstrators was repeated. 
 In France as well, the position of the French Islamic Council appeared to be conservative compared with the position of groups that are classified as secular organizations. 
 Regardless of the follow-up angle and analyses which are presented for each one of these demonstrations, the anger caused to Muslim youth as a result of others injuring their deepest religious feelings remains the truth dominating the entire picture. 
 Today in Zabol in south Afghanistan in a confrontation with the police, at least 4 people were killed and 20 others injured during a demonstration denouncing the cartoons defaming the noble Prophet. 
 In demonstrations which took place last week, an Afghani security official stated that the number killed had gone up to ten when police fired in the air to disperse six hundred demonstrators after they threw stones at the police. 
 The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Ekmeleddin Oglu and the High Representative for Foreign Policy in the European Union, Javier Solana announced in a press statement, a copy of which al-Jazeera has received, their deepest concern for the consequences of publishing drawings defaming the noble Prophet and the angry reactions to them. 
 The statement added that they believed that freedom of press must include a spirit of responsibility, wisdom and respect for all religions and made clear that the latest acts of violence exceeded peaceful protest. 
 The statement also condemned the attacks on diplomatic missions in Damascus and Beirut and requested the authorities to protect diplomatic institutions and foreign nationals. 
 The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, has asked American President George Bush for American help to send an international force to Darfur. Annan stated that the issue of protecting refugees and securing the arrival of aid requires the cooperation of all governments. 
 American President George Bush's appreciation of what he described as the good leadership of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and his great optimism for the success of democracy and freedom in the world was met with a request by Kofi Annan asking America for help in sending an international force to Darfur. 
 I am very happy that we have agreed to work together on the issue of Darfur and to work with other governments in Europe and Asia and other areas to ensure active security on the ground to protect the displaced and secure the arrival of aid to the needy. Of course all governments are expected to play their role in this matter. 
 Annan wants a role, supported by President Bush, in collecting a force from the international organization in order to stop the violence in the region of Darfur in west Sudan. The force suggested by Annan must have great ability to move in the air and on the ground with good communication equipment from European countries and the United States in order to replace the African Union which at present protects civilians in Darfur. 
 Despite the announcement by the United Nations that the humanitarian situation in the areas that have experienced fighting since 2003 has improved during the last year, hundreds of thousands of people still need help despite the tons of food aid from the World Food Program as the rate of growth of children in Darfur decreased by 4% to 1.4% during 2005. The number of children who have schools available to them has increased three-fold. 
 Officials with United Nations relief organizations believe that 3.5 million, most of whom are displaced, have been helped by more than 14,000 humanitarian workers. They say that the protection of civilians is a huge challenge. 
 United Nations officials are worried by the lack of stability in west Darfur on the border with Chad as 300,000 people were not able to benefit from humanitarian aid. 
 The conflict in Darfur, after a three-year crisis, resulted in the killing of 300,000 people and the displacement and migration of more than 4 million of the region's inhabitants and no-one knows if Annan's proposals will solve it this time. 
 Turkey is seeing early discussions taking place with regard to the presidential elections which will be held in April next year. 
 The opposition considers that the set-up of the existing parliament will enable the Justice and Development ruling party to name the future president who will, according to the Constitution, be elected by parliament. 
 On the other hand, the government refused the calls of the opposition to carry out early parliamentary elections to precede the election of the president. 
 The comfortable numerical majority which is enjoyed by the Justice and Development ruling party in parliament qualifies it to elect a new president after the expiry of the term of President Ahmet Necdet Sezer in the spring of next year. 
 According to the Turkish constitution parliament nominates and elects the president of the republic. 
 This fact began to worry the opposition which does not want to see an Islamist sitting in the Presidential Palace and turned to demand early elections using the pretext that the set-up of the present parliament does not reflect the views of the people. 
 The Justice and Development ruling party gained 34% of votes in the last elections but is represented in parliament by 66% of seats because of the parliamentary threshold law, i.e. it can elect who it wants as president without taking into consideration the view of 65% of the people who did not vote for the Justice and Development ruling party. This is not just. 
 The Justice and Development ruling party refuses to decide on early elections whose results could change the formation of the current parliament and insists on choosing the new president of the country. 
 We have no intention whatsoever of holding early parliamentary elections before the president of the republic is chosen. The Constitution gives us this right and we will not misuse it. 
 The president of the republic in Turkey does not enjoy enormous executive powers but he heads the National Security Council and appoints senior state bureaucrats in educational, judicial and other institutions and these are powers that the Justice and Development ruling party needs in order to continue its path of reforms in Turkey. 
 Also, the Islamic public in Turkey will not forgive the Justice and Development Party for missing this opportunity. Opinion polls indicate that the party base has among its priorities the election of an Islamic president to sit in the Presidential Palace as a moral victory over secular, Ataturkist forces in Turkey. 
 Electoral aspirations for an Islamic president for Turkey means the hopes and dreams of the political Islamic trend in Turkey are not yet over and that what the Justice and Development ruling party has acquired in terms of authority and position is only one step on a long road. 
 Yousef Al-Sharif, Al-Jazeera. 
 Five people were killed and dozens wounded in demonstrations targeting western interests in protest against Denmark not apologizing for the offensive drawings. 
 Indonesian importers also decided to boycott Danish goods in protest against the drawings. 
 Despite the attempts of the European Union to calm Muslim feelings, some western politicians are escalating the situation by their declarations and attitudes. 
 In protests against the offensive drawings, Pakistani demonstrators drew this picture in the city of Peshawar. 
 Dozens were killed and injured after police and special guards intervened. 
 They did not differentiate between Norwegian, American and Korean commercial and service offices. 
 They are protesting against the offensive drawings and demanding an official Danish apology. 
 In Pakistan, another protest was meant to be peaceful and artistic. 
 A donkey competition was held with each donkey carrying a picture of a western leader. 
 In the Philippines where Islam was introduced by Arab traders, and despite the appearance of their mostly western clothes, extreme protests against the offensive drawings continued intensely. 
 They tried to be innovative in insulting Danish symbols, burning alone being no longer enough and flags were made just to be torn up with great enthusiasm. 
 We Muslims are ready to fight those who mock our Messenger, Peace be upon him. 
 Fighting. 
 Fighting is not is what is wanted by the European Union. 
 Javier Solana visited Arab countries and from there made general statements about respect for Islam. 
 However, the continued publication and the emergence of new western attitudes caused Solana's mission to fail and some of the European delegates oppose even peaceful methods of protest. 
 Any boycott of Danish goods is considered a boycott of European goods. 
 An Italian Minister was attributed as having said that he intends to wear shirts with the offensive drawings on them and that he sees this as an invitation to debate. 
 The debate with the West started in the brushstrokes of an artist on a new Iranian website which publishes mocking pictures of the Holocaust. 
 The Danish newspaper Jyllands Posten is not publishing the winning pictures. 
 As for the Danish government, it will be facing a hard test if the newspaper decides later to publish the Holocaust pictures because it has said that democratic governments do not interfere in what the press publishes. 
 Sweden, Denmark's neighbor, intervened officially and closed a website which was going to publish the pictures and Western politicians objected to the republication. 
 Positions appear to be motivated by fear for interests and lives, proof of which is that they came after peaceful or violent demonstrations and boycotts. 
 Hundreds of additional photos of the torture in Abu Ghraib prison were shown on a website after those shown on Australian television. 
 However, the American Department of Defense said that there was no reason to stir up a new commotion about what it described as old photographs. 
 The scandal coincides with the United Nations proposal, which was rejected by the Bush administration, to close down another infamous American prison which is Guantanamo, something the Bush administration has refused to do. 
 The American administration defended, defends and will defend Guantanamo prison despite the harsh criticism. 
 A legal report by the United Nations demanded the prison be shut down immediately. 
 Essentially they looked into questions such as: Are they arbitrarily or legally imprisoned? The conclusion was that they were detained there illegally. 
 They should be charged and given the opportunity to defend themselves. 
 I believe that Guantanamo should be closed sooner or later. 
 The official American answer is expected to be no to closing the prison, the detainees are treated humanely and additionally the blame is directed at the United Nations team. 
 The United Nations team was given permission to visit Guantanamo prison but refused to go there. 
 The Red Cross visits detainees with full freedom. 
 What Mack Lennon chose not to explain is that the Red Cross does not publish its reports except to the prison authority which is why the Red Cross has not revealed any scandal in relation to the treatment of detainees in Guantanamo. 
 As for the United Nations team, it refused to visit Guantanamo because its members were not given permission to visit the prisoners on their own. 
 Human rights organizations are worried about American attempts to redefine torture, because the American military are the accusers, judges, defending counsels and executioners. 
 Even the European Parliament demanded unanimously that international law be applied to Guantanamo. 
 In the name of humanity this prison must be closed and they must be given a fair trial or released if nothing is proved against them. 
 The United Nations report came soon after the publication of the pictures of the torture of Iraqi youths in a British military centre in Basra, at the same time as new old pictures of torture in Abu Ghraib 
 But the American Secretary of State does not see the necessity of stirring up another commotion. 
 These pictures are no worse than those we saw the first time and those who carried out that behavior were punished. 
 When you torture and beat in that vile way you are no different from dictatorial regimes. 
 It may be that the greatest embarrassment in the cases of Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib theoretically falls on the Arab governments who have given up on their citizens. 
 The Iraqi government actually deplored what went on in Abu Ghraib and demanded to be given the prison to administer itself. 
 However its record in Jadriya and the news of the death squads will make the choice between an American and a non-American warden difficult for the detainees. 
 Solana Caught Between his Heart and Mind. By Nureddine Ashour 
 The current trip by the European Union's Foreign Policy Coordinator Javier Solana does not bring up the question of the possibility of it succeeding as much as it begs the question of whether he turned to his mind or his heart when he volunteered to try and calm Muslim public opinion following the publication of offensive cartoons of the Prophet in a number of European newspapers. 
 As Solana is currently in the Middle East, it seems that he has turned to his heart after feeling offended by the publication of the cartoons and he feels what Muslims feel towards the insult directed at them in the name of freedom of expression because he did not hesitate in stating that "the European Union has a profound respect for Muslims... 
 and did not want to hurt their feelings." 
 This is part of what the European official said after his recent meeting with the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference. 
 Had the European Foreign Policy Coordinator preferred to follow (and this is just an assumption) his mind, he would not have bothered himself with going to the Middle East, whether to apologize or "convince" and the crisis would have been resolved in a European context since Denmark is a member of the European Union and its economic interests risk being damaged... 
 Is it logical that one side should rush to the oppressed to calm and soothe him before condemning the oppressor and making him understand that what has been done is unacceptable? 
 Was Hitler left free and unfettered during World War II to implement his aggressive plans and racist ideas, with the Allies limiting themselves to commiserating with the Europeans, including the Jews? 
 What is most dangerous in the matter is that there are efforts to convince Muslims of the sincerity of the European attitude which has still not negated the pretext of freedom of expression in the debate on the publication of the cartoons, yet this does not resolve the crisis and some have paid with their lives for protesting against the cartoons. In the end, Europe has succeeded in achieving two things, the first of which is to soften the situation and keep it within the framework of freedom of publication and the other is to have exported the crisis to Muslim countries for it to be reduced to chaos and violence. 
 This is why the mere fact of Solana being transformed into the one who is making conciliatory gestures to the Muslim world tells us that the European Union has not fully understood the feelings of Muslims who do not deny the right to expression but do not want it to be a means of inciting hatred and violating religious sensibilities. 
 When we hear of a European law being issued which criminalizes attacks on religion and sacred beliefs, then Solana's efforts will be truly welcome. 
 Lakhdhar Brahimi and Iraq's Mandela. By Asiya Latrousse 
 Given that acknowledging failure and admitting defeat have never found their way into the dictionary of international diplomacy in general or Arab diplomacy in particular, especially when it is related to the war on Iraq, or the incidents, accompanying circumstances and secrets that have surrounded and surrounds it, which may not be revealed for a long time, what Lakhdar Brahimi, the experienced Algerian diplomat has said about his impossible task in Iraq cannot pass by without attracting interest or inviting reflection. 
 And because Lakhdar Brahimi is also practically the only Arab and North African diplomat who has agreed to engage in the adventure from close up and took on a mission that was not free from danger, either personally or career-wise, by going to an Arab country after its invasion and destruction. So it is perfectly natural, in view of the dangerous developments in the Iraqi arena over the past two and a half years, that his mission should give rise to a great deal of controversy about the reasons and motives that might push a man of Brahimi's importance and experience to agree to take on a role under the American occupation administration when he had taken a clear stand from the start and did not hesitate to admit that the decision to go to war was made outside the framework of international law. Lakhdar Brahimi had previously linked the success of his mission in South Africa during the apartheid era with the presence of a leader such as Mandela who was able to set up the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and unite his people around him to achieve a dream that had seemed almost impossible a few years earlier... 
 NO doubt that when Brahimi, the former advisor to the United Nations Secretary-General, whose career in various areas of diplomacy and efforts in many crises in developing countries cannot be underestimated, comes back and admits the failure of his mission and sets out the reasons and types of mistakes made away from the rigidity and mortal arrogance, then he will have taken off the cloak of the obstinate and unyielding diplomat who knows he is mistaken but refuses to admit it and insists on continuing along an erroneous path because pride and haughtiness prevent him from doing so in spite of his awareness of the possible repercussions and dangers of this... 
 . 
 In an interview with an Arab newspaper, Brahimi admitted his failure in his mission in Iraq which he described as impossible given the many vetoes he faced while carrying out his mission. Brahimi, who had and still has a reputation for difficult missions, does not deny his feelings of discomfort at having accepted to work for the occupier in Iraq and in such difficult circumstances. He considers that what drove him to accept this mission at that time was the American administration's promise that it intended to end the occupation as quickly as possible, something that is not true now that it has become apparent that what the American administration cares about is not so much about finding a solution to the current situation as it is about finding a solution to the problem it has created for itself in Iraq, especially in the face of American public opinion which knows that the reasons given by the White House administration to justify the war were fictitious and based on false reports. 
 Perhaps the reasons that drove Brahimi to acknowledge failure are not limited to only one reason but to a series of reasons, the most significant of which is his realization that invasion anywhere will bring resistance and resistance brings oppression, torture, imprisonment, secret prisons and that in any case, the military option cannot be the required solution in Iraq... 
 Brahimi's admission reflects a reality that has existed in Iraq for many months, not in terms of the size of material losses and destruction but more importantly in terms of the size of human losses, psychological wounds, loss and displacement in the absence of an effective national figure capable of bringing the Iraqis together and uniting them, an extremely important matter in the current situation and in overcoming the obstacles at the next stage... 
 So is it possible that after all the suffering the Iraqis have endured to re-examine the incorrect strategy in Iraq to salvage what can be salvaged and to give the Iraqis a chance to regain their sovereignty, away from recommendations and solutions imported in cans of democracy? 
 News Analysis: After Hamas' Victory and its Alliance with Damascus, Tehran and Moscow: Will Washington Back Down from its Political Projects in the Arab World? 
 By Kamal Bin Yunus 
 Tunisia - Al-Sabah - Pressure on the American administration has increased, after Hamas won the Palestinian parliamentary elections, to persuade it to give up its projects aimed at political and economic reform in the Greater Middle East - i.e. in the Arab Islamic world from Morocco to Indonesia - so that the "radical current" made up of enemies of Washington and the West does not benefit from these elections... 
 especially as all American and European opinion polls 
 suggest the likelihood of increased feelings of opposition to the policies of the United States and Atlantic capitals within Arab and Muslim public opinion because of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars and the American administration and the majority of Western governments aligning themselves with Sharon's government throughout the campaign to suppress the Palestinian nation and its leaders over the past five years... 
 According to the British newspaper the Financial Times, President George Bush's administration "is currently reviewing its stated plans to spread democracy in the Middle East region after the overwhelming victory of the Hamas Islamic movement in the recent Palestinian legislative elections." 
 The newspaper reported that neo-Conservatives close to the American president have started to back down from plans to spread democracy in the Middle East after the overwhelming victory by the Hamas movement. 
 It added that since the results of these elections were announced, "a flurry of reports and studies have been pouring in to the Bush administration advising it to take its time and slow down on the issue of spreading democracy in the Middle East." 
 Ending the pressure on regimes 
 Many recommendations have been made by conservative research centers and think-tanks which support the Republican administration in the White House calling on it "not to put pressure on Arab regimes" and to stop backing "the tendency to impose the model of democratization in Eastern Europe on countries in the Muslim world." 
 Opponents of democratization in the Muslim Arab world link the Hamas victory to the election gains made by the fundamentalist movement in the Iranian elections and to Muslim Brotherhood candidates winning five seats in parliament for the first time in Egypt. 
 Security and military alliance 
 According to the Financial Times and many European and American sources, "in spite of the criticisms made by the administration of the Egyptian regime because of its legal violations during the last legislative elections", the American budget for 2007 expects to see an increase in the amount of military and security aid to Cairo since it sees it as "an ally in the war on terror."... 
 In other words, Washington and its European allies' priority will be security rather than politics. 
 Hamas' alliance with Washington's enemies 
 This debate, which will continue in the European and American media, will be heightened by several issues including: 
 * The backing of certain countries, which Washington and some European capitals regard as major enemies, for the Hamas movement (and its forthcoming government), particularly Syria, Iran, Sudan, Russia and Venezuela, with the list possibly increasing to include other countries such as Cuba, Korea, China and several Arab and Muslim countries. 
 * The objective alliance between Tehran, Moscow, Beijing and many European and Asian countries against sanctions on Iran because of the Iranian nuclear portfolio, 
 and Tehran's foreign policy after Ahmadinejad's victory and the weakening of the moderate reformist movement led by Mohammed Khatami and former Culture Minister Mahajrani. 
 * The failure of most of Washington's liberal and secular allies in the Iraqi elections. 
 The battle in the elections, the political game and the Iraqi security conflicts is played out between Sunni, Shiite and Kurdish movements, parties and groups with many contradiction between them but the overwhelming majority of them have religious overtones... 
 and do not distinguish between religion and politics. 
 * Continued security concerns and the series of suicide attacks against American and coalition forces in Iraq and Afghanistan (thousands of Americans dead and wounded in 2005 alone) and against Israeli targets in occupied Palestine... 
 in spite of the pro-reform and democracy projects adopted by President Bush's administration over the years. 
 This means that these projects have not as yet helped to improve the image the general public and radical movements in the "Greater Middle East" have of Washington and its policies in the region. 
 Resolutions from the Georgia and Istanbul summits 
 It may be premature to expect Washington to back down from its big project - also adopted by the Group of Eight at the Georgia summit and the Atlantic alliance summit in Istanbul in 2004 - which aims at re-enacting the Eastern European picture in the Arab Islamic world. 
 However, there are several indicators that reveal the hesitation of many American and European decision-makers in continuing to support the "democratic reform" project 
 if such a democracy leads to the appearance of forces opposed to the strategic interests of Washington and its allies in the region 
 and in the world, 
 starting with Israel's interests. 
 If this hesitation continues, the priority of Washington and its allies will again be security and military priorities and not political ones... 
 in spite of the public statements made repeatedly by President Bush Junior and his former Secretary of State Colin Powell and current Secretary of State Rice which deem one of the reasons for the appearance of anti-American and western terrorist movements to be its 60 year long support for the security option at the price of freedom and democracy. 
 On controlling energy and encouraging new energy: electricity production by means of nuclear power is one of the most important energy solutions in the medium and long term and studies on possible solutions to combating outside attacks on electricity and gas networks 
 Tunisia - Al-Sabah - Othman Bin Irfa, director-general of the Tunisian Electricity and Gas Company, said that in the medium and long term, in other words over the next 20 years, our country needs to generate and produce electricity by investing in nuclear power which is regarded as the best cheap alternative energy solution 
 at present as the cost of fuel continues to rise in the world. 
 STEG's chief executive said on the occasion of his presentation of the company's strategy to guarantee the country's energy needs to the parliamentary Economic and Financial Committee, in the presence of representatives from the National Energy Control Agency yesterday evening at its headquarters in the capital, that there would soon be a high-level study of possible solutions to combat the problem of repeated outside attacks on the company's electricity and gas network causing annual losses of millions of dinars and representing the cause of 50% of electricity failures in Greater Tunis. 
 Othman Bin Irfa, in this meeting attended by Izzedine Khalafallah, chief executive of the National Energy Agency, highlighted STEG's future programs in the field of energy production in addition to tackling many issues related to services offered to professionals. 
 In his speech on future possibilities in the area of alternative energy, he said that in addition to using solar and wind power, nuclear power is regarded as the most important alternative energy source that can be exploited to produce electricity, especially as the Tunisian electricity network has the capacity to contain and supply the massive electrical power produced by nuclear energy. 
 In this regard, he explained that Tunisia had presented an application for the use of nuclear energy for peaceful purposes to the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency during a previous visit to our country. 
 The presentation of the company's future programs revealed that in 2005 STEG produced 156600 oil equivalent tons, equivalent to 29 million dinars. 
 The forthcoming phase will see work on supplying new areas with natural gas and connecting 50,000 new clients to the network as part of a program running from 2005 to 2009 to bring the number of clients to over 400,000 which will reduce state funding by around 92 million dinars. 
 The company will also work in the future to reduce the provision of bottled gas by expanding the Qabis gas production and transfer plant to achieve an annual profit of about 15 million dinars, as well as improving quality and billing services using the latest technology and monthly debit payments which 70,000 clients have so far subscribed to or using pre-paid vouchers which may become more widely used in the future. 
 1.25 oil equivalent tons saved 
 The presentation by the chief executive of the National Energy Control Agency highlighted the essence of the three-part program to control energy in 2005-2009 which will result in total savings of around 1.25 million oil equivalent tons and reduce state funding by 220 million dinars for credits estimated at 70 million dinars. 
 With regard to solar-powered hot water, 22,000m2 were processed and five suppliers and 237 companies were certified in 2005 which will lead to savings of about 1600 oil equivalent tons a year and reduce state funding by around 516 million dinars a year. 
 84 natural gas companies were also contracted which will make it possible to replace around 100,000 oil equivalent tons a year of supported petroleum products and reduce state funding by around 7.6 million dinars a year. 
 220,000 residents are also scheduled to be connected to the natural gas network and the use of energy-saving equipment will be made generally accessible by using around 8,000 pressure units in the old lighting networks, leading to an energy saving of 30% of the annual consumption cost of local councils, equivalent to 7 million dinars a year. 
 The energy control program will be extended to all domestic electrical appliances, starting with fridges where less energy efficient brands will be gradually be phased out, through category 8 then 7 then 6 and 5. 
 With regard to wind power, 160 megawatts will be processed by STEG by expanding the Sidi Daoud wind station as a first step. 
 In terms of scientific research, 8 research projects have been developed in the area of energy control involving 20 laboratories, 12 institutions and 200 researchers at various scientific research centers. 
 Energy-saving lamp month 
 The same program will process 3 million energy-saving lamps between 2005 and 2008 which will lead to an energy saving of 136,000 oil equivalent tons and reduce funding by 12 million dinars. To date, an international call for tenders has been put out for 2 million lamps with the possibility of supplying the market through local production of around 400,000 lamps a month at a cost of no more than 4500 millimes per lamp. 
 Concerning developments in terms of awareness and sensitization, energy-saving lamp month was launched from 10 to March 10th in the form of a multi-media advertising campaign to promote locally-made energy saving lamps sold at a fixed price of 2860 millimes to 4445 millimes, depending in the brand, in all major outlets. It is expected that the campaign will supply 400,000 lamps. 
 Television, radio, press and on the ground campaigns will continue to run this year alongside 6 sector seminars in cooperation with the ministries concerned. 
 The meeting was punctuated by detailed discussions between committee members and STEG and National Energy Control Agency Officials. This was an opportunity for deputies to pose questions and make suggestions and many of them showed their surprise at what was presented by the two bodies in terms of important features of future programs in the area of energy control. 
 STEG's development on all levels has brought it national and international acclaim. 
 In this context too, it should be noted that 43 STEG branches throughout the republic will soon be receiving international quality certification. 
 Coverage by Rafiq Bin Abdullah 
 Food Trade Budget This Year: Towards Achieving a 197 Million Dinar Excess 
 Tunisia - Al-Sabah - Preliminary forecasts for the food trade budget for the current year suggest that exports will grow by 15.6% to 1187 million dinars versus 1027 million dinars in 2005 according to the 2006 agriculture and fisheries trade budget to achieve an excess of 197 million dinars, making the volume of exports greater than that of imports. 
 This improvement is based on an expected growth in olive oil exports which is predicted to be around 600 million dinars this year compared to 476 million dinars last year, an increase of 26%. 
 As for other products, returns are expected to grow by 13% compared to last year for crab, with the French market making up most exports at a percentage of 99.8%. 
 In this context, 241 tons of crab were exported for the first time last year. 
 This is in addition to positive growth expected in the dates sector (4.4%) given that date exports last year were close to 45,000 tons, worth 114 million dinars. 
 Seafood exports are also expected to rise this year by 2.9% to 18,500 tons. It should be noted that 18,000 tons of seafood products worth 175 million dinars were exported in 2005. 
 As for imports, the current year is stable at a total value of 990 million dinars, the same rate as 2005 at around 992 million dinars. 
 Cereal imports are expected to grow by about 13% to 439 million dinars versus 338 million dinars last year. The reason for this is that production in this area fell to 1.8 million tons after reaching 1.2 million tons last year according to the economic budget while imports of other products will fall according to the same source. 
 Mohammed Ammar 
 Talk about the existence of Al-Qaida groups in Lebanon is linked to the arrest by the Lebanese security services of a number of persons who believe in this movement and so set up groups on the ground. Investigations have shown that some of them were preparing for military operations. 
 But the most important issue in this matter is that information is still coming in about a connection between the group arrested in Beirut and the crime of assassinating president Rafiq Al-Hariri. 
 Two groups believed to belong to the Al-Qaida organization here are currently being held by the security services and the Lebanese judiciary and investigations are continuing with members of the two groups (( )). 
 The first group consists of five people, four Lebanese and one Syrian known as Abu Qatadha. They were arrested in the village of ((Braya)) in the north and information suggests that they were in Iraq and imprisoned by the American forces for abut six months and one of them had his legs amputated as a result of a landmine exploding. 
 The second group was arrested in Beirut and consists of 13 people of various Arab nationalities who were in possession of arms, forged nationality documents, using false names. 
 According to security sources, they are: 
 One: the group's leader is Hassan Mohammed Nabaa who took part in the ((Dhinniya)) incidents in the year 2000 and fled to Syria. He joined his brother in the demonstration on Sunday. 
 Two: Amer Abdullah Halaq, a Palestinian, mechanical engineer. 
 Three: Hani Hashim Al-Shanti, of Palestinian origin with Lebanese nationality, a computer engineer. 
 Four: Hamed Turki ((Al-Rubba)), Syrian. 
 Five: Mohammed Abdulrazzaq Wafai, Syrian. 
 Six: Faisal Asad, a Saudi national who entered Lebanon on a forged passport under the name of Fahad Al-Khadim Al-Yamani, a fighter among the ranks of Al-Qaida in Afghanistan who then went to Syria. 
 Seven: Mohammed Ahmed Khoja, Syrian. 
 Eight: Tarek Al-Nassir, a Syrian neurosurgeon who accompanied some of the groups to Iraq. 
 Nine: Ali Jihad Sharafeddin Qasir, Lebanese, in charge of transporting explosives. 
 Ten: Khadhr Mohammed Nabaa, Lebanese. 
 Eleven: Malik Mohammed Nabaa who is responsible for collecting the bags of explosives and explosive devices. 
 Twelve: Bara Mohammed Fuad, Syrian. 
 Thirteen: Muadh Abdulghani Shousha, Syrian. 
 Information indicates that they all had links with a Syrian person from Homs known as Jamil, an expert in electronic engineering, explosives and booby traps who provided fighters headed for Iraq with arms and money. The information also revealed that the two most dangerous members of this group were Khalid Taha and Bilal Zaroura who entered Lebanon from Syria last and who are thought to be in the Ain Al-Hilwa refugee camp. They have never been caught. 
 Interrogation of members of this group is interwoven with information about their involvement in the assassination of President Rafiq Hariri and the international investigation committee and the American side are asking to see this information which could be examined by a high-level judicial authority. 
 Members of this group are still being held by the information branch of the internal security forces and accompany them to the military investigating judge to continue the investigation into the crime of plotting terrorist acts. 
 However, the way in which the case is being handled suggest that there is internal information related to the assassination but judicial sources do not confirm this information because they have no material proof at all and say that it is a case of political talk aimed at transferring the charge from one place to another. 
 Good evening. 
 Hizbollah who %pw declined to take part in Sunday's demonstration made use of the scenes of disarray and disorder to present a contradictory picture today of a packed crowd of hundreds of thousands. 
 In addition to this point concerning the arrangement and organization, Hezbollah's secretary Hassan Nasrallah made, on the basis of the Mar Mikhail meeting with General Aoun, a political attack on what he called those currently holding power, calling on them to face recent developments and accusing some of those who run the country of taking part in intensifying a political and sectarian atmosphere. 
 Nasrallah who is feeling a new sense of political ease revealed a program of priorities for the coming phase, at the top of which is an invitation to anyone who wishes to wage war on Syria or against Syria to make use of his party or faction or group but, according to Nasrallah, it is not possible to drag the government and state and its institutions into a war of this kind. 
 On the other hand, hours after Hezbollah's political and popular presentation, Prime Minister Fuad Siniora continued to try to pick up the tail ends of last Sunday. He held a spiritual summit which he convened during at the Government House. 
 For more details, we are in direct contact with our colleague Donis Rahmi Fakhri. 
 Donis, good evening. 
 Good evening George. 
 Yes. At this time, the summit hasn't begun but, I mean, in a few minutes, it will start with the arrival of dignitaries or all the heads of the participating factions in this summit at the Governmental Palace. It will be presided over by the Prime Minister %pw sorry, Prime Minister Fuad Siniora. 
 So, ah, among %pw, ah, the heads of the participating factions are the Maronite patriarch Cardinal Mar Nasrallah Boutrous Sfair, the Mufti of the Lebanese Republic Sheikh Mohammed Rasheed Qabbani, Vice-President of the Supreme Shiite Muslin Council Sheikh Abdulmajid Qablan, Patriarch Gregorius the Third the patriarch of Antioch and most of Al-Mashraq, Al-Iskendaria and Orshlaim for Roman Catholics. 
 Patriarch Narcissus Pedros 19th, patriarch of the Catholic Armenians, and Doctor Salim Sihiouni, president of the Supreme Assembly of the Anglican faction in Syria and Lebanon, are also taking part. 
 Archbishop Elias Aouda, Archbishop Boulus Matar, Archbishop Kigham Khatsharian as well as Archbishop Roland Abu Jawda are also taking part. 
 As for the Druze faction, Qadhi Nihad Hariz, Archbishop Michel Qasarji, Archbishop Farsai Baz, Archbishop Maratanainos Ephram Barsoum, sorry, if you, I'm saying the name wrong, Archbishop Michel Qasarji, Archbishop Boulus Tahdah, Monsignor George Al-Masri, Archbishop Andre Haddad and Priest, ah, Bishawi, leader of the Jerusalem faction in Lebanon and Syria. 
 So these are the names of the participants in this spiritual meeting or spiritual summit as George described it. 
 As we know, there will be, during this summit, an important speech by Prime Minister Fuad Siniora whose contents he has refused to disclose before he reads it to the guests. 
 The meeting is followed, as we also know, by a dinner held by Prime Minister Siniora in honor of all the leaders of the factions taking part today in this meeting at the Governmental Palace. 
 George. 
 The Mar Maroun Al-Jummaizi Church which was vandalised last Sunday today commemorated Saint Maroun's Day with an official celebratory Mass which brought together Lebanese dignitaries, headed by Presidents Emile Lahoud and Fuad Siniora and a representative of leader Nabih Berri. 
 Mar Maroun Day was celebrated again this year as Lebanon passes through difficult circumstances. 
 The celebration brought together at Mar Maroun Al-Jummaizi Church all of Lebanon's spiritual families. 
 The President of the Republic, General Emile Lahoud, Prime Minister Fuad Siniora and a representative of the President of the Chamber of Deputies, Deputy Abdul Latif Al-Zane were present. 
 A large number of ministers, deputies and political, unionist, society, media and spiritual dignitaries, as well as the ambassadors of major foreign countries also took part in the holy celebration. 
 The celebration was led by Archbishop Boulis Matar who said that the tradition of gathering to pray at the Mar Maroun Church in Beirut goes back three-quarters of a century and its continuation is simply a sign that the Lebanese, in spite of their differences, are bound together by love. 
 What is needed today is not name-calling or attacks, which are not constructive, but love. 
 The loss of security in our capital for a few hours and people's feelings of being without a roof over their heads to protect their possessions and all that they value sharply brought into focus the question of whether we justified things in the same way 30 years ago when we nearly lost everything, where we shed blood and tears in the hope that we and our future generations would see a bright tomorrow in a safe, stable and fully sovereign country and a competent and just state. 
 So is it reasonable that any wait is too long for us after all that waiting? 
 Archbishop Matar stressed the need for constant dialogue through consultation with the people and a multiplicity of views in search of the best solutions in the eyes of the majority of citizens. 
 However, the majority does not bring people together according to their religious or other affiliations but on the basis of their views. 
 It progresses as power passes successively from one helmsman to another without any discomfiture on anyone's part. 
 The free hearts and minds game and free will increase in value as the group becomes increasingly enlightened in its rationality and more used to freedom. 
 It is undoubtedly the healthiest basis for defining the good of the group because it involves everyone in searching and decision-making. 
 It also draws upon the majority to decide which majority is to take into consideration the view of the minority and their similarities rather than their differences. 
 Prayers were offered for love to take root in Lebanon and for peace to reign throughout its lands. 
 In Kirki, the Maronite patriarch, Cardinal Sfair, emphasized the extent of the need for solidarity in these days of great pressure on Lebanon. 
 Today we celebrate Saint Maroun's Day, the father of our Maronite Church, and the best way to celebrate saints is to emulate their lives. 
 A word from the Maronite patriarch Cardinal Mar Nasrallah Botros Sfair. 
 As he led the celebration at the church on the occasion of Saint Mar Maroun's Day, it was an occasion to mention the life of Saint Maroun which was characterized by giving, prayer, abstinence and fighting the temptations of the world and its vanities. 
 Cardinal Sfair called on the Lebanese to stand together in these days of great pressure. 
 We regret greatly what happened last Sunday in the capital Beirut in terms of the vandalism and destruction and violations which were intended to ignite the fire of sectarianism and we thank God that people's awareness allowed them to avoid this evil 
 We congratulate our Maronite brothers and sons on this, our Saint's day, here and in their homes near and far, and we invite them all to emulate the virtues of this saint, especially the qualities of fear of God, his freedom from temptation and his love for the people. 
 His thoughts say in the Lord's presence we are slaves of no use. Amen. 
 After the celebratory Mass, the believers and guests at Mar Maroun's Day went to the patriarchal palace where Cardinal Sfair received the French ambassador's representative Francois Abu Saad, former deputy Estafan Al-Douaie as well as a Lebanese Forces delegation from Ghadir. 
 The secretary of the Maronite cleric's college in Ghadir also spoke. 
 The situation is extremely difficult and what is intended for this country is now known and that there are those who do want peace for its sons. 
 But we also have to close ranks and realize that unity is strength and dispersal is weakness. 
 Israel strongly rejected Russian President Vladimir Putin's invitation to Hamas movement leaders to Moscow for talks on the Middle East peace process. 
 For its part, Washington showed caution with regard to this Russian move and reiterated its view that Hamas is a terrorist organization while France saw Putin's initiative as possibly strengthening the Quartet committee's role in spite of the initiative being taken without consultation with committee members. 
 International efforts to contain the Hamas movement after its victory in the Palestinian legislative elections was breached by Russia in a conspicuous move when, from Madrid, the Russian President Vladimir Putin promised to invite Hamas leaders to Moscow for talks on the future of the peace process between the Palestinians and Israelis. 
 Hamas has never been a terrorist organization in our view. 
 We have to acknowledge that Hamas came to power in the Palestinian Territories by way of democratic, legal elections. 
 We have to respect the Palestinian people's decision by finding solutions that all Palestinian sides agree on. 
 According to an official at the Russian Foreign Ministry, Moscow is to invite the Hamas movement to change its fundamentalist policies to include recognizing Israel. The Russian proposal was immediately welcomed by Hamas. 
 As we care about relations with, ah, all countries in the international and regional family, this pleases us, the Russian visit, and means talks and consultation with the government and Russian president. 
 Tel Aviv strongly rejected Putin's move and considered it to be effectively a stab in Israel's back. 
 The Israeli Education Minister Meir Sheetrit regarded the aim of the initiative as giving international legitimacy to a terrorist group, as he put it. 
 Russia must withdraw from any negotiations on peace in the Middle East and I suggest President Putin backs down from his decision to invite personalities from terrorist organizations involved in killing. 
 The Israeli position overlaps with Washington's position which showed reserve abut the Russian initiative. 
 They have to recognize Israel and renounce terrorism and abide by international agreements signed by the Palestinian Authority and as Russia is a member of the Quartet committee, we expect it to pass on the message. 
 For his part, the American Deputy Secretary of State for Far Eastern Affairs David Welsh pointed out that his country would review its aid to Palestinians if the Hamas movement forms a new government. 
 Welsh considered that Hamas' agreement to a long-term ceasefire with the Hebrew state would not be sufficient. 
 The head of the executive committee of the Lebanese Forces, Doctor Samir Geagea, stated that just as the Forces fought a war with ugliness so too would they fight for peace with ugliness. 
 Geagea, speaking before ((partisans)) to the Lebanese forces in the Aliyah area, announced that work would continue to find a consensual candidate to take over from the late deputy Edmond ((Eid)). 
 Doctor Samir Geagea confirmed that consultation and the search for a consensual candidate were continuing in order to prevent an election battle in Baabda Aley. 
 ((Speech)) by the head of the executive committee of the Lebanese Forces came during the meeting which brought together the Forces' command in the Aley area as part of a series of preparatory meetings to restructure the Lebanese Forces Party. 
 At the present time we are making a very serious attempt to find a candidate to avoid an election battle even though it is a democratic battle, and to find a candidate acceptable to all sides. 
 ((Reached )) Is there a candidate who is acceptable to all the sides concerned, and of course we respect all the comrades concerned, especially the Free Nationalist movement. A consensual candidate means we have to sit in a closed room and discuss all the names put forward and those that haven't been put forward. 
 Put forward and not put forward, so we reach, we'll contact everyone we represent to find a name that's acceptable to both sides. 
 As far as we are concerned, this is how there is consensus, we sit down and put forward one two three fifteen names, ((it can get up to)) fifteen, until we arrive at a name among them which we are happy with and the rest of the sides involved in the battle are happy with. 
 This is what we're testing out at the moment, putting all our weight behind it, concentrating on it fully and we're trying to achieve it. 
 I quite simply and honestly wanted to put you in the picture but at the same time, I have to say again that this doesn't mean they didn't prepare for the parliamentary elections and make the efforts that led to the required result. 
 Doctor Geagea also raised two important issues being discussed in the political arena today, the issue of the economic situation and the need for an effective solution to be implemented. The second issue is the policy of patience and restraint which the Lebanese Forces are calling for following recent events. 
 Today we fight the battle with courage and just as we fought the war with courage, we want to fight for peace with courage and peace takes a lot more courage than war. 
 It's not a phase in the sense of a phase as we know it, when restraint and calmness take much more courage than putting your hand on the trigger and firing. 
 ((A place to take over )) but not a place for ((complete)) restraint. How could we leave the economic and social situation and work on politics. 
 The answer is that there can't be any serious economic solutions or any serious social solutions outside of establishing an active, competent state. 
 You can bring all the experts in the world and they can give you all the solutions you can imagine but they need someone to implement them, who wants to implement them, an active state to implement them, this active state that we don't yet have. 
 I'd like to point out that head of the executive committee of the Lebanese Forces met with British ambassador James Watt for one hour and the British ambassador didn't make any statement. 
 Ah, I apologize, before we continue this news bulletin, for the mistake at the beginning of the report about Doctor Samir Geagea's position who stated that just as the Forces fought a war with courage so too would they fight for peace with courage. The mistake was a typing error. 
 [[NS]] 
 The head of the executive committee of the Lebanese Forces, Doctor Samir Geagea, spoke on the program Naharkum Saiid of what he called the rescue plan to liberate the presidency of the republic. 
 A multifaceted plan because ((I don't see in it))a situation in the country that remains, ah, in the state of fluctuation it's in now. 
 Of course the presidency is a pivotal position contrary ((to what many believe)), so from this departure point, if we hope for any improvement in the situation in the country, we must start from this point. 
 The fundamentals of this plan are of course still being studied but its basic factors will be constitutional, legal, political and populist. 
 Um. 
 Okay, what is the time span, I mean, is there a defined time span for this story? 
 Not a lot. 
 Not a lot, of course, ah, any movement on this kind of plan, of this kind, I mean, there's no-one who can estimate when it will end but we can estimate when it will start. 
 Um. 
 Um. 
 Okay, General Michel Aoun considered yesterday that extending President Lahoud's term was restrictive just as the election law was restrictive. Do you agree with this comparison? 
 No, and this, I mean, this comparison is not, is not accurate and not scientific. 
 Extending President Lahoud's term was restrictive in that a group from the intelligence service came and ((found the deputies)) and threatened them and said to them you have to agree to the extension law, whereas the 2000 election law put forward by the Chamber of Deputies had a second law in it which was the Sixty law after which there was a political settlement. 
 I repeat it's not that the intelligence service came and found the deputies and said to them that you must work according to the 2000 law. No, a political settlement came from a ((need)) on all sides to conduct the elections on time ((otherwise the country would be in a constitutional vacuum)). 
 And on the basis of, ah, Berri using his position to pass the 2000 law because ((how)) a law suited him more, it suited him, the parties had to reach a political settlement and of course a political settlement is one thing, and restrictive extension in terms of %pw, because it is subjugation and coercion is something else altogether. 
 So the 2000 law, which of course we don't agree to, came from a political settlement at the time, came from a point of departure based on the situation that was prevalent. 
 Deputy Botross Harb saw Decree 1559 as putting the president of the republic in an illegal situation and was surprised by General Michel Aoun's invitation to hold early parliamentary elections. 
 Deputy Botross Harb said the message he sent (()) to the president of the republic General Emile Lahoud on his birthday was interpreted by President Lahud as though it were support for him and when he didn't take the initiative to step down, the March 14 Forces had to open the presidential dossier seriously. 
 Ah, of course we would like the president of the republic to be aware of the situation and its danger and the extremely negative repercussions for Lebanon if he  remains in the situation he is in and which will be very, very damaging to the presidency, apart from the personal damage, I mean, to the president because any discussion we see on television has, to tell the truth, words that are damaging and offensive, and also the position of the president has become absent from, absent, I mean, there is nothing in political life except for statements which come out in response to so and so and this of course damages the presidency, ah, even more, and negative positions on laws that come out of the Chamber of Deputies, regardless of whether there is a right to reply or not. 
 Harb pointed out many ways of remedying the matter of the presidency and there are the two aspects, constitutional and legal, and there is political and popular work. 
 ((Sheikh)) Some of us are aware of the constitution and legal mechanics which you approve of. Will you approve what was mentioned in 1559 on the basis of the reports by ((Larsen)) and ((Milice)), are you going to approve, I mean, removing the president of the republic from power? 
 1556 stipulated the need for free presidential elections which comply with the constitution. 
 What happened on the second day of the elections was that a different decision came out which completely contradicted one of the provisions of this decision and this means that, internationally, the president's presence contravenes 1556 and contradicts international trends and international legitimacy and this is of course  a huge opening in which there could be a way that leads to the president of the republic being in an illegal situation in terms of the international community and in the end, he will be dealt with on this basis. This hasn't happened yet and to be honest, we were taking care to make sure it doesn't happen because we thought that and so we wanted the president of the republic to take the initiative because the reality he is living is not to be envied, I mean. 
 ((Sheikh)) but General Aoun, I mean, who was against an extension and opposed the president of the republic is now opposing the removal of the president from power and calling for presidential elections to be replaced by early parliamentary elections, I mean, what is your response to this? 
 The, the goal of the elections, what? 
 That we return the 
 I mean, there may be a result that is different from the current political structure %pw so and so has more and so and so has less, this is not what is needed. 
 What is needed is for us to make use of this state of international support ((for Lebanon)) and the ensuing national situation which resulted yesterday on February 14 and this, this national marriage happening for the first time in Lebanon's history, for ((those born)) in Lebanon, for those born in a ((Lebanon)) that is free, united, sovereign, independent, I mean, Lebanon's history is seeing something new which it would be a sin to miss (()). 
 The men have not broken off from the country. 
 Not one of us can claim that he is the only right person and that everyone else is not right. 
 There are a lot of good people in Lebanon and there are people who agree who we can reach an understanding with. 
 We care about Lebanon's interests, and any person who understands that we have to ensure Lebanon's interest knows we all have to let go of our personal demands and we have to let go of our trends and, to the contrary, make efforts to agree on a person to carry our joint project to build a modern state and establish sovereignty and independence and bring back the state's power to Lebanon, this is the project we have to carry, not that of individuals. 
 Harb considered that in the matter of the presidency, it is not the individual that is important but the project and the individual's background and aspirations and ability to deal positively with all forces. 
 Libyan-Macedonian Discussions Held 
 Tripoli February 5 /Xinhua/ Libyan-Macedonian discussions were held in Tripoli today, Sunday, headed on the Libyan side by Doctor Shukri Ghanem, General-Secretary of the People's Committee, and on the Macedonian side by Vlado Boskovski, the prime minister. 
 Doctor Shukri Ghanem said in a press statement that the discussions dealt with a joint cooperation agreement between Libya and Macedonia and means of supporting and strengthening this in various areas, especially in the areas of trade, communications, health and infrastructure, through reaching an agreement on the prohibition of double taxation and encouraging investment, the exchange of expertise and cooperation in various sectors. 
 He stated that the Macedonian prime minister's visit was a reflection of a desire and interest in strengthening cooperation between the two countries in various areas, 
 and said that this would open up the opportunity for trade activities between the two countries to play a more substantial role in strengthening and consolidating trade relations between them. 
 For his part, the Macedonian prime minister expressed his country's desire to strengthen joint cooperation between the two countries, stressing that this cooperation would be of great importance in all areas. 
 The Macedonian prime minister arrived in Libya yesterday, Saturday, for a visit lasting several days. 
 Chinese Law Protects Women's Rights / Fifth addition / 
 Abortion also remains a thorny issue for legislators. 
 Selective abortion of female fetuses and the killing of female infants are prohibited in the draft amendment dealing with the imbalance in new births in China. 
 The percentage difference is 100 females per 117 males in children according to the 5th national Chinese census for 2004. 
 In spite of this, some legal experts do not want legal measures to be taken against such abortions and see it as a woman's right of choice in giving birth. 
 D. Xia says: 
 "It is a good idea to correct this discrepancy but selective abortion cannot be regulated without a whole host of restrictions for all situations since there is no way of proving why a woman takes the decision to have an abortion". 
 The draft amendment is also raising concern among the general public, with the exception of academic circles. 
 Yan Xiao Xing (50 years), an employee in Nanjing, sees that society has provided women with many opportunities over the past decades and that the social status of women needs to be improved a great deal. 
 She says, "The main issue is that we as women must take it upon ourselves to broaden our horizons and apply ourselves to serious learning so that our knowledge increases and our awareness increases in terms of equality of the sexes and self-confidence too. 
 If you are not ready and able to compete, you have only yourself to blame." 
 American Hummer Vehicle Destroyed in Fallujah West of Baghdad 
 Fallujah February 6 /Xinhua/ Eye witnesses reported that an explosive charge exploded today, Monday, in the center of the town of Fallujah 50 km to the west of Baghdad, resulting in the destruction of an American Hummer vehicle and the killing and wounding of those inside it. 
 A Xinhua correspondent reported witnesses as saying that "an explosive charge planted by the side of the main road in the center of Fallujah exploded when an America patrol force drove by at ten o'clock this morning. This destroyed the American Hummer vehicle and killed and wounded those inside it." 
 Witnesses said that the American forces immediately sealed off the explosion site and reinforced their security measures in the area. 
 The American army has not issued any comment about the incident. 
 Russian Legislator Expresses Concern and Urges Calm About the Controversy Raised by the Cartoons 
 Moscow February 6 /Xinhua/A senior Russian legislator has expressed his concern about the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed. 
 He urged calm to be maintained today, Monday, amid the increasing controversy surrounding these drawings. 
 Interfax news agency said the Constantin Kosachoyev, president of the chamber of deputies' Foreign Affairs Committee at the Russian Parliament, the State Duma, said, "We feel concern about European behavior, not only in the beginning when a media organization in one of these countries published the  cartoons but also with regard to subsequent behavior" in re-publishing these drawings in several other European countries. 
 Twelve of the offensive cartoons about the Prophet Mohammed, published in a Danish newspaper last September and re-published in other European countries, led to disturbances in the Muslim world. 
 Any depiction of the prophet, whether negative or positive, is blasphemy in the eyes of most Muslims. 
 Violent protests broke out in Syria and Lebanon where angry demonstrators set fire to the Danish and Norwegian missions in their country. 
 The editor of the Danish newspaper issued an apology last week to angry Muslims, after a long period of refusing to apologize and insisting on the right of freedom of expression. 
 Kosachoyev said, "It is up to the international community, in the wake of this apology, to respond forcefully to violence" and called for this to end immediately. 
 He said that the reaction to the publication of these drawings should only be political and never through the use of force. 
 Negotiations Between Sudanese Government and Eastern Opposition Front in Tripoli Tomorrow 
 Tunisia February 6 /Xinhua/ Negotiations between the Sudanese government and eastern opposition front kick off tomorrow under the patronage of Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, according to news received here today, Monday. 
 Kamal Abeed, head of the Sudanese negotiation delegation representing the national unity government, said the delegation was ready to go to Tripoli tomorrow. 
 He said that the delegation had full authorization to reach an agreement with the eastern front and pointed out that the government's policy in settling the regional problem was clear and well-established. 
 He added that "contacts between the government and movement leaders have not stopped and we are aware of the issues they have in mind." 
 Abeed expressed his optimism at arriving at a satisfactory result in the course of the negotiations. 
 On the other hand, an advisor to Sudanese President Mustapha Othman Ismail confirmed completion of emergency arrangements for negotiations between the government and the eastern front tomorrow "as long as nothing unexpected happens". 
 Savings Deposits at 46% in China 
 Beijing February 9 /Xinhua/ The percentage of savings deposits in China is 46% to date. 
 The level of private financial deposits reached 14 trillion Yuan while institutional financial deposits were 10 trillion Yuan, something that has caused widespread concern within the local banking sector. 
 Zhou Xiaochuan, chairman of the People's Bank of China (central bank) said recently that the rise in the level of citizen savings deposits was linked to many factors such as traditional culture, social structure and the concept of family in China but that the incompleteness of the social security system was an important reason for people's lack of courage in spending. 
 Zhou said that the incompleteness of the social security system was a temporary phenomenon and that the government must be quick to reform the pensions, medical insurance and education systems in order to reduce "preventive saving" by many citizens until the level of savings deposits and the gross national product fall to normal levels. 
 Professor Wu Chi of the Economic Management Department at Beijing's Tsinghua University predicts that China will see a high level of savings deposits for another 10-20 years. 
 China Accelerates Research in 16 Principal Technologies 
 Beijing February 9 /Xinhua/ China announced today, Thursday, that it is planning to accelerate research into 16 special and main technologies to remedy the number of important and strategically urgent breakdowns for the country such as information, biology, health as well as several technologies that can be used for both military and civilian purposes. 
 These technologies are among the most important of all in terms of developing science and technology and achieving national objectives and they have to be attained within a specific time limit by way of breakthroughs in essential technology and resource integration. 
 These 16 technologies are essential electrical spare parts, general super terminal wafers, essential software, technology for the complete process kit for the manufacture of integrated super circuits, a broadband communication network, new generation mobile wireless communication equipment, digital lathes, basic manufacturing technology, prospecting for large oil and gas fields and coal-mine gas, advanced nuclear power station with hydraulic pressure reactors, control and treatment of contaminated water, growing new types of genetically-modified biological strains, research and development of new major medicines, prevention and control of serious diseases such as AIDS and viral hepatitis, large double-decker aircraft, high resolution ground monitoring systems, manned space program and moon exploration. 
 Massive Investments in Tibet to Protect Ecological Environment 
 Lhasa February 9 /Xinhua/ The financial administration for the Tibet autonomous region has announced that it is to invest 6 billion Yuan (742.37 million US dollars)to strengthen environmental protection in Tibet over the period 2006-2010, a 1.4 times increase against the period 2001-2005. 
 The area of Tibet is over 1.2 million square meters and its average altitude is 4000 meters. It is a source of rivers and an environmental resource for South Asia and southeast Asia as well as a climate regulating area for China up to the eastern hemisphere. 
 An official with the regional government said that in the period 2006-2010 Tibet will increase the promotion of the establishment of an ecological environment and the protection of the climate. It will push for the reinforcement and build-up of the environment in areas with an important environmental contribution and in major areas for the development of resources with good environments. He said that Tibet will concentrate efforts to protect natural forests, the build-up of the environment in pastureland and the protection of wetlands and the sources of rivers and lakes. It will concentrate on the execution of the project for the protection and build-up of the national environmental security barrier on the Tibetan plateau, replenishment of the construction and administration of nature reserves on the summit of Jomolungma and the valley of the Yarlong Tsangpo river, the protection of rare and unique animals and plants which are about to become extinct on the plateau, the protection of biological diversity and good natural environmental cycles, as well as projects for the treatment and prevention of pollution in major rivers and the treatment of sewerage and garbage. 
 Democratic Korea Urges America to Lift Sanctions to Pave the Way for Settlement of the Nuclear Issue 
 Pyongyang February 9 /Xinhua/ The Democratic People's Republic of Korea urged the United States today, Thursday, to lift the sanctions imposed on Pyongyang and stressed that its position on Washington's sanctions was linked to the settlement of the nuclear issue in the Korean peninsula. 
 A spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said that "Democratic Korea attaches great importance to the lifting of financial sanctions because this is the yardstick that will reveal whether Washington wants to change its policy or not." 
 The spokesman added that "the United States must respect the sovereignty of Democratic Korea and choosing peaceful coexistence is the basis for nuclear disarmament in the Korean peninsula." 
 The spokesman, who condemned the latest statement issued by the American State Department stating that financial sanctions are a separate issue from the six-nation talks, said that the United States had frozen the assets of eight Democratic Korean companies, accusing them of "spreading weapons of mass destruction" and "illegal trade". 
 He warned that a peaceful settlement by way of negotiations about the nuclear issue would be impossible without the United States lifting financial sanctions against Pyongyang. 
 At the same time, he denied that Democratic Korea has taken part in any illegal deals in the financial field. 
 The spokesman said that "the results of investigations over the past several months have clearly proved that there was no evidence to show that Democratic Korea was involved in forging notes or money laundering." 
 He added that Democratic Korea's basic position which would not change was to achieve the objective of emptying the Korean peninsula of nuclear arms and implementing the joint declaration adopted in the course of the six-nation talks and to strive towards a peaceful settlement by way of negotiating the issue. 
 He said that the "crux of the matter is the United States' position." 
 Palestinian National Authority Will Not Accept Any Unilateral Solutions from Any Party 
 Ramallah February 9 /Xinhua/ Nabil Abu Radina, the spokesman for the Palestinian leadership, said today, Monday, that the Palestinian National Authority does not agree to Israel or any other party imposing unilateral solutions on it and added that the road to security and peace is through negotiations. 
 Abu Radina said in statements to journalists after a meeting between Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and James Wolfenson, the international Quartet committee's envoy, at the presidential headquarters in Ramallah on the West Bank, that "the official position is the unchanging position that we will not accept any unilateral solutions. A just and comprehensive settlement must include our land occupied in 1967, including Holy Jerusalem." 
 He added, "We will not accept any final borders except through negotiation and we will not accept any partial solution or solutions imposed on us by any side. What is important is that Israel understands that the road to security and peace is through negotiations in accordance with international law and the return of land occupied in 1967." 
 He said that the future government would have to adopt the Liberation Organization's policy and its political agenda over the coming years, and pointed out that there was a clear danger that if the government did not comply with this, it would "isolate us and the world will not deal with us." 
 He stressed that imposing sanctions on the Palestinian people was a wrong decision but that the future Palestinian government would have to harmonize with the Liberation Organization's official policy to prevent it from becoming isolated and in a state of confusion and to avoid being in a position where it would not be able to meet the needs of its people. 
 He said that Wolfenson had promised that support and help would continue but that Wolfenson and the whole world were held back by the Quartet committee's decisions. He said there was a way in which to deal with any Palestinian government and called on the international community to wait until the future government is formed and not to impose sanctions on the Palestinian people so as not to make matters even worse. 
 In reply to a question about the formation of the future government, Abu Radina said there were no specific issues at the moment and indicated that the Legislative Committee would be set up then President Abbas would ask a colleague from the Hamas movement to form a government and that the president would give a speech to outline the features of the future policy. 
 Iraqi President Denies Marginalizing Small Kurdish Parties 
 Baghdad February 9 /Xinhua/ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani denied any exclusion or marginalization of small Kurdish parties. 
 The statement, issued by the Iraqi president's office today, Thursday, came in response to statements by the Islamic Group and Kurdish Communist Party accusing President Talabani and President Barzani of exclusion with regard to Kurdish decisions. 
 The statement said, "Work has not yet begun in earnest to form the new Iraqi government. We await, firstly, the formal announcement of the results of the Iraqi elections and, secondly, the naming by the United Iraqi Alliance of its candidate for prime minister." 
 The statement added, "A decision has been made by presidents Talabani and Barzani to invite representatives of Kurdish parties cooperating with each other. This invitation may have reached them by now because they were on the way to them. This is in order to involve these parties, as they did during the drafting of the permanent constitution in which the leaders of all these parties took part and were present in the joint delegation and discussions on drafting the constitution. Therefore there is no exclusion by the two presidents and their parties or marginalization of these Kurdish parties and the role they play." 
 The statement went on to say, "If the two presidents had wanted to weaken or disrupt these parties, led by the Kurdistan Communist Party, they would have asked the authorities concerned to cut financial support estimated at thousands of dollars a year given to the Kurdistan Communist Party alone, not to mention other parties." 
 Some leaders of the Islamic Group and the Kurdistan Communist Party had accused the two leaders, Jalal Talabani and Masoud Barzani, in statements published in Al-Hayat newspaper of marginalizing Kurdish parties and not involving them in discussions concerning the formation of a new government. 
 Draft Law on Funding Political Parties in Tunisia Approved 
 Tunis February 9 /Xinhua/ The Tunisian Advisory Board today, Thursday, unanimously approved a draft law relating to a review of the general funding legislation for political parties. 
 The Tunisian news agency reported that the Tunisian Advisory Board, chaired by Mr. Abdullah Al-Qalal, Board President, today examined a draft law relating to a review of general funding legislation for political parties. 
 The draft law provides for raising the annual grant for each party from 90,000 dinars (one US dollars is equivalent to 1.34 Tunisian dinars) to 135,000 dinars. 
 This draft bill falls within the context of Tunisian President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's speech on the occasion of the 18th anniversary and relates to a move towards increased financial support by the state for political parties to give them a greater ability to function and act in order to consolidate democracy and its constituents. 
 American Treasury Department Auctions 14 Million Dollars' Worth of 30-Year Maturity Bonds 
 Washington February 9 /Xinhua/ The American Treasury began its auction of 14 million dollars' worth of 30-year maturity bonds with a return rate of 4.53%, a matter that has led to the re-introduction of debt bonds, stopped five years ago. 
 When 30-year Treasury bonds were last offered for sale on August 15, 2001, the return rate was 5.52%. 
 The Treasury Department said that the sale of these bonds was counted as part of anticipated sales for the period January through March, worth 188 billion US dollars. 
 The Treasury Department had stated its intention to auction between 20 and 30 billion dollars' worth of 30-year Treasury bonds in two separate operations this year. 
 The second sales operation will take place next August. 
 The Treasury Department stopped the sale of 30-year bonds in October 2001, the fourth and final consecutive year in which the United States had a budget excess. 
 The American Federal budget saw a deficit in the 2002 financial year after President Bush took up his post in 2001. 
 The deficit reached a record 412 billion dollars in 2004. 
 The increase in the budget deficit in the United States resulted mainly from the issue of a great deal of legislation relating to lower taxation and because of increased military expenditure in Iraq, a matter which led to a rise in the national debt which currently stands at 7.8 trillion dollars. 
 This year, the Federal budget deficit is expected to reach 423 billion dollars for the year. 
 The ceiling debt limit is 8.184 trillion dollars at present and the Bush administration is seeking Congress's agreement to raise this limit. 
 Vice Premier of Chinese State Council Stresses Long-Term Benefits of Tourist Resorts 
 Beijing February 10 /Xinhua/ The vice premier of the Chinese State Council Zeng Peiyan called today, Friday, on the authorities to consolidate  wise development and make use of tourist resorts. 
 Zeng said in a symposium on tourist resorts held in the southern province of Guangdong that it was necessary to make use of tourist resorts in line with the "concept of scientific development". 
 He added that laws and statutes must be improved and that there was a need for scientific planning, careful maintenance, uniform administration and wise exploitation. 
 Zeng said that any installations not related to protecting the site must be prohibited in lively resorts 
 and that the authorities must set up and consolidate emergency services. 
 He said that resorts were an important and valuable natural and cultural legacy providing awareness of Chinese culture and in protecting the environment, serving the public and promoting economic growth. 
 China currently has 187 resorts approved by the state, 31 heritage sites and over 400 resorts approved by the provinces. 
 Minister: European Union and China Pledge Support for Nigeria in Fighting Bird Flu 
 Lagos February 10 /Xinhua/ The Nigerian Agriculture Minister, Alhaji Adamu Bello, stated today, Friday, that the European Union, China and several international donor agencies had pledged to provide Nigeria with various forms of assistance following the outbreak of bird flu in some parts of this west African country. 
 Bello made this statement in the capital Abuja after his meeting with representatives of some donor agencies to inform them of the outbreak of the disease and to clarify the assistance required from them. 
 The minister said Nigeria required laboratories, vaccines, technical assistance and experience sharing with countries that had faced outbreaks of bird flu. 
 The minister told the official Nigerian news agency that "the meeting was extremely successful and the response was positive." 
 Adamu said that the European Union had said that Nigeria could draw 10 million US dollars from the its emergency fund while the Chinese government and the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization pledged adequate technical support. 
 However, he added that this sum would not be withdrawn until all the necessary systems were put in place. 
 To date, four farms in the states of Kano and Kaduna in the north and the central state of Plateau have been closed after the deadly bird flu H5N1 virus was found there. 
 Al-Quds Brigades Set Off Explosive Charge in Israeli Military Jeep Near Nablus 
 Ramallah February 10 /Xinhua/ The Al-Quds Brigade, the armed wing of the Islamic Jihad movement in Palestine, took responsibility today Friday for the explosion of a military jeep on patrol near the settlement of Itamar in the northern West Bank. 
 The Brigades said in a statement issued to journalists that they "were able this afternoon, Friday, to set off an explosive charge weighing 60 kilograms in a Zionist military jeep on patrol near the settlement of Itamar", in the village of Beit Forik, to the east of Nablus. 
 The Israeli army had stated that Palestinian activists threw an explosive charge at an Israeli military jeep near the settlement, which caused damage to the jeep, but did not say anything about casualties. 
 Eye witnesses said that a massive explosion was heard at the site and that they saw ambulances and military reinforcements arrive at the site. 
 There is a great deal of tension in the village of Beit Forik after Israeli forces knocked down 7 sheds in the village used to breed sheep and birds. 
 Israel claimed the sheds were built without permission. 
 The statement said that "the bombing was part of a series of retaliations against occupation crimes, especially assassinations targeting leaders of the Al-Quds Brigades and Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigade." 
 On the other hand, the National Resistance Brigades, the armed wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, claimed responsibility for firing two rockets towards the village of Siderot in southern Israel this evening, Friday. 
 The Brigades said in a statement that "the raid is a natural response to Israeli crimes and a reaction to the continued policy of assassinating resistance leaders." 
 The statement claimed "its right to respond to Israeli violations and the legitimacy of resisting occupation." 
 Russian Arms Sales Reach 6.1 Billion Dollars in 2005 
 Moscow February 10 /Xinhua/ Russian arms sales in 2005 reached amounted to 6.1 billion US dollars. 
 They are expected to reach 7 billion in 2007, according to the Itar-Tass news agency today, Friday. 
 The agency reported Mikhail Dmitriov, head of the Federal Military Technology agency, as saying, "The main item was naval equipment which represented 45% of Russian military exports last year." 
 The company Rosoboron Export, a major arms exporter in Russia, took 85% of total exports. 
 Dmitriov added that sales orders made to Russia currently amount to 23 billion dollars and that "this is very similar to figures achieved by the Soviet Union in its heyday." 
 It should be recalled that Russia signed an agreement with Iran in November worth one billion dollars to supply it with Tor-M-1 air defense systems. 
 The Russian official said that Russia would supply Vietnam with arms worth one billion dollars. 
 Towards Social Modernization in the World /30 first and latest additions/ 
 The 10 long-term trends in the field of education and employment are... 
 Universalizing compulsory primary education in the 19th century, universalizing secondary and higher education in the 20th century, increasing spending on public education per head in the 20th century, shorter working hours in the 19th century, continuing changes to the manpower structure in the 18th century, continuing changes to the employment structure in the 18th century, continuing oscillations in unemployment rates in the 19th century, rising average wages of the socially productive workforce and the average individual wage in the 18th century, changing balance of justice in distributing incomes in the 18th century, and reducing the number of impoverished people in the 20th century. 
 The ten long-term trends in the field of leisure and recreation... 
 increasing leisure time in the 19th century, diversifying methods of recreation and using the internet for leisure in the 20th century, continuing development of transport since the 18th century, continuing development of communication technology in the 19th century, rising general use of computers and the internet since the end of the 20th century, rising costs of communication and average individual communication costs in the 20th century, developing social security systems in four stages. 
 Social security, in the 18th century; setting up a social security system in 170 countries and regions in the late 20th century increased social security and social recreation in the 20th century, the appearance of crime and the suicide phenomena in general and permanent fluctuations in the 20th century. 
 The researcher, Xai Tchuan Tchi, the team leader, said that these trends only constitute a part of international social modernity. 
 Other factors include continual changes in social life, social structure, social concepts, very unbalanced social changes and an expanding international gap in the individual's share of national revenue, etc. 
 Israeli Labor Party Aims to Achieve Annual Economic Growth Rate of 5% 
 Jerusalem February 12 /Xinhua/ The Israeli Labor Party announced today, Sunday, that it is aiming to achieve an annual economic growth rate of 5% over the next four years, according to the newspaper Ha'Aretz. 
 The Labor Party announced the aim in its social economic plan presented by Professor Avichai Praverman, fourth on the party list, to the Knesset. 
 The plan also aims to bring down the unemployment rate, currently estimated at 9%, to 5% and reduce the rate of inflation from 5 to 3%, and falls within a rigorous effort to put an end to poverty. 
 Praverman also presented further aims, "To raise the minimum wage gradually to 1000 US dollars a month. In the first stage, the minimum wage will be increased by 500 shekels, around 111 US dollars, and for the deficit not to exceed 3% of the gross domestic product." 
 According to the plan, over the next four years, 8 billion shekels, around 1.8 billion US dollars, will be deducted from the security budget and the state will invest in traditional industries as well as cutting-edge technological projects. 
 In addition, the leader of the Labor Party, Amir Peretz, said that the Labor Party intends to turn this plan into an contract between their party and public. 
 Peretz added that "our representatives will go with this plan from house to house and from corner to corner asking the Israeli public to sign it and this will be an agreement bearing no relation to election slogans." 
 Eleven Billion pounds: Revenue from the Sale of Companies Floated in Egypt During the Last Financial Year 
 Cairo February 12 /Xinhua/ Egyptian Investment Minister Mahmoud Muhieddin stated today, Sunday, that revenue from the sale of companies floated for private investment during the 2005-2006 financial year reached 10.904 billion  pounds (one dollar is equivalent to 5.72 Egyptian pounds) from 31 transactions versus 5.6 billion pounds in the previous financial year from 28 transactions. 
 Muhieddin said in press statements that floating companies in the first half of the current financial year led to the sale of 14% of shares in the Eastern Tobacco company, the sale of the Egyptian Fertilizer Company and 20% of shares in Telecom Egypt. 
 Muhieddin said that in application of the prime minister's decree number 2076 for 2004, the sum of 7.203 billion pounds has been allocated to the Finance Ministry, 595.9 million pounds from the previous financial year ending June 30 2005 and the sum of 6.607 billion pounds for the period from July 1 to December 15 2005. The remaining sums from the sales will go to companies, banks and other state-owned organizations. 
 Muhieddin said that the Finance Ministry had in the period July 1 through December 15 2005 allocated the sum of 725 million pounds for the restructuring fund to be used to fund the restructuring of public sector companies. The fund has paid out the sum of 5.536 million pounds distributed between seven companies to fund the optional early retirement program and the technical and administrative reform program for subsidiary companies. 
 He added that the forthcoming phase would see unprecedented activity in the property funding sector and indicated that in 2005, tens of contracts worth 250 million pounds were signed and that hotel projects would be implemented this year in provinces such as Al-Wadi Al-Jadid and Sohag(southern Egypt). 
 He said that registration fees for properties and buildings had been dropped, with a single tax of 1,000 pounds replacing relative fees as is currently the practise. 
 International Economic News Summary 
 /First and latest addition/ 
 New Delhi - A new round of talks between India and the European Union starts today, Monday, to explore means of broadening the scope of trade and investment relations between the two sides. 
 These talks, which fall within the framework of the European-Indian Trade Group whose creation was agreed upon at the Indian-European summit held in the Indian capital last September, will discuss mutual trade issues and the possibility of starting negotiations between the two sides in order to reach a wide-ranging agreement to consolidate trade and investment between them. 
 This is the second meeting of the trade group since its creation. The first meeting was held in Brussels last October. 
 The Indian side in these two-day talks is headed by Kamal Nath, Commerce and Industry Minister, while the European side is headed by British Commerce Secretary S. 
 N. 
 Mabnon and David Sullivan, European Commission Director General for Trade. 
 Moscow - Russia has been somewhat successful in allaying the anxiety of the Group of Eight with regard to energy supplies, although the main problem relating to the Russian giant Gazprom does not appear to have been resolved. 
 This is the first time Moscow heads the meeting of the finance ministers of the group which consists of the seven main industrialized nations in the world and Russia. 
 This meeting, held on Friday and Saturday, is the first in a series of meetings which will culminate in the summit of the group's leaders next July. 
 The Group of Eight consists of Germany, Canada, the United States, France, Britain, Italy, Japan and Russia. 
 The European countries, concerned by the gas dispute between Russia and the Ukraine and problems with gas transportation noted at the peak of the cold wave which hit eastern Europe, are trying to focus the issue on "energy security", the title Moscow itself chose for the meeting. 
 Paris - The Committee for the Abolition of Third World Debt expressed its "disappointment" last Saturday  at the outcome of the meeting of the finance ministers of the eight industrialized countries and considered that no "serious" decision on debts was taken. 
 The Committee said in a statement that "the debts that make up the daily lives of the Southern nations were very much absent from this summit" and that "the Group of Eight was unable to take measures to remedy this tragic situation." 
 Energy issues monopolized the meeting of the finance ministers of the Group of Eight on Saturday in Moscow. 
 The committee is calling for the immediate and complete cancellation of the foreign debts of developing countries and wants "policies imposed by the Group of Eight to be abandoned." 
 The Group's finance ministers expressed their support for Russia making an advance payment of a portion of its debts but did not back Moscow's wish to link this to aid projects to poor countries. 
 Straw Visits Morocco on Monday 
 London February 12 /Xinhua/ The British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw is on a two-day visit to Morocco today, Monday, where he will meet with a number of Moroccan officials, headed by the Moroccan monarch King Mohammed VI. 
 A spokesman for the British Foreign Office said on Sunday evening that discussions between Straw and Moroccan officials would include the issues of fighting terror and the means of trade cooperation between the two countries, in addition to many matters of mutual importance to the two countries. 
 Straw said, "My meeting with His Highness King Mohammed VI and his ministers will allow me to boost the good bilateral relations we have with" Morocco. 
 The British minister, who will also meet his Moroccan counterpart Mohammed Bin Issa, said that "exchanges between us on many joint and regional portfolios will allow us to deepen these relations." 
 It should be noted that Straw's visit to Morocco coincides with the American Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld's tour of North Africa and that this is Straw's first visit to Morocco and the first visit by a British Foreign Secretary to this country in 23 years. 
 Ihsanoglu and Solana Hold Talks to Contain Crisis Relating to Offensive Drawings of the Prophet Muhammad 
 Riyadh February 13 /Xinhua/ The secretary-general of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Professor Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu and the High Representative of the European Union for Foreign Policy and Security Javier Solana held talks today at the organization's secretariat's headquarters in Jeddah on the ramifications of the publication by a Danish newspaper of offensive cartoons of the prophet in order to arrive at a satisfactory solution to the matter. 
 The organization's secretary-general, Ihsanoglu, started by welcoming his European guest and expressed his appreciation of his visit to the organization's headquarters in light of the current situation in which feelings of indignation and anger have intensified throughout the Muslim world in reaction to attempts by some western newspapers to insult sacred Islamic values under the pretext of freedom of expression, according to Saudi news agency reports this evening. 
 The secretary-general said during the discussions that he hoped for European Union cooperation in overcoming this crisis and ensuring it was not repeated. 
 For his part Solana stated that his visit to the headquarters of the Organization of the Islamic Conference for the first time was to send out a signal to Islamic public opinion to express Europe's strong respect for Islam and for Muslim feelings and to show sadness and regret at the consequences of the cartoons' issue where the publishers misjudged Muslim feelings about them. 
 Solana said that " this whole issue had no justification and we understand the reactions of Muslims who felt it was unjust and wrong", stressing his sincere desire to cooperate with the Organization of the Islamic Conference and with Muslim countries to avoid a recurrence of the incident in the future. 
 He added that "today's world is full of complex crises and the last thing we want is a confrontation because of these cartoons. We must work and cooperate in order to create a safe world and talk together to put into place measures that will calm the situation first and then consider conditions that will ensure that this incident is not repeated." 
 Solana mentioned the spirit of cooperation he was shown and Ihsanoglu made a number of legal and political proposals which could prevent a recurrence of this crisis. These proposals include European Union approval of legal measures against Islamophobia in Europe through the European Parliament, joint European-Muslim efforts for the adoption of a resolution by the United Nations general assembly along the lines of the recently issued Resolution 60/15 on "Combating defamation of religions" which would prohibit the defamation of all prophets and faiths, adopting a code of conduct for the Western media which takes into account Muslim sensitivities and prohibits defamation in any form or manner of the prophets and central beliefs of religions, including ridiculing prophets, with this to be regarded as a moral offence in the western media code, and the United Nations adopting an international media order which includes a definition of the limits of freedom of speech with regard to religious symbols within the framework of UNESCO and the inclusion of a paragraph in the constitution of the new Human Rights Council prohibiting blasphemy. Solana welcomed these ideas and promised to cooperate with the secretary-general of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, the European Union and the United Nations in order to implement them. 
 He also expressed his desire for a joint meeting between the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the European Union as a continuation of the meeting which brought together the two organizations in 2002 in Istanbul and gave rise to positive results in facilitating understanding and dialogue between the Muslim world and the West. 
 Germany: Iran's Procrastination in Talks with Russia Disappointing 
 Berlin February 13 /Xinhua/ The German government expressed its disappointment today, Monday, at Iran's decision to postpone talks with Russia about its disputed nuclear program. 
 Gholam Hussein Ilham, the Iranian government spokesman, stated that the talks, which were to be held next Thursday, would not take place and that the two sides would agree to set another date. 
 German Foreign Ministry deputy spokesman, Jens Ploetner, said at a press conference, "If this news is true, then we regret this step because it will mean that the time until the next meeting of the board of governors of the International Atomic Energy Agency next March will not be used as effectively as possible to push for a diplomatic solution." 
 He stressed that the Russian plan to transfer Iranian uranium enrichment to its territory might be acceptable to Iran as a supplementary plan to enrichment on Iranian soil. 
 Germany, France and Britain referred the Iranian nuclear issue to the International Atomic Energy Agency after Iran resumed uranium enrichment and the nuclear watchdog voted in a resolution on February 4 to inform the Security Council of the Tehran nuclear case. 
 The west saw Russia's proposal as an acceptable solution to the Iranian nuclear program which Iran insists is for the peaceful use of nuclear energy. 
 New Bird Flu Case Found in Russia 
 Moscow February  15 /Xinhua/ Tests have confirmed the presence of the bird flu virus in an area in southern Russia, according to a statement by a veterinary official today, Wednesday, reporting the first case since the country announced it was free of bird flu at the end of last year. 
 Laboratory tests confirmed that birds which died a few days ago at a poultry farm in the village of Shamkhal near Makhachkala, the capital of province of Dagestan, were infected with the deadly H5N1 strain of the virus carried by wild birds, according to a report by the Interfax news agency, reported by Nikolai Vlasov, a federal official for animal and plant health surveillance. 
 Vlasov said that the viral strain identified did not pose a danger for human beings. 
 He added, "It only affects birds." 
 He stressed that there is no bird flu strain that can be passed on to humans in Dagestan. 
 Russian officials had pronounced the country to be free of bird flu last December, several months after the virus was eliminated in several regions in Siberia and eastern Russia. 
 No humans were infected by the virus. 
 It should be noted that the H5N1 virus has killed millions of birds in the world since 2003. 
 A total of 165 people have been infected with the virus and at least 88 of them have died, mainly in Asia, according to the World Health Organization. 
 North African Parliamentary Symposium on "Education in Early Childhood" 
 Tunisia February 15 /Xinhua/ The proceedings of the North African Parliamentary Symposium on "Education in Early Childhood" opened today with the participation of representatives from regional and international organizations and of the relevant parliaments and organizations in North African countries. 
 The agenda for this four-day symposium covers several areas related in particular to legislation and the executive mechanisms in North Africa in the area of protection and education in early childhood within the framework of the education-for-all program, in addition to reviewing the effect of social changes and new family policies on education in early childhood and a presentation of the national experience in North African countries in the area of education in early childhood. 
 In his speech, Tunisian parliament speaker Fuad Al-Mubzi stressed the importance of this symposium in supporting partnership and cooperation between the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization(UNESCO) and parliamentarians in Arab North Africa, as well as on how to increase awareness in North African societies of the enormity of the responsibility of providing care in terms of nutrition, health and education in order to achieve the highest levels of affluence and prosperity for all children and to prepare a generation that at the heart of society that is competent and efficient. 
 Fuad Al-Mubzi praised the substantial achievements accomplished in the field of care and education in early childhood, including disabled and disadvantaged children, and called for more efforts to be made to decrease the gap between child services in rural areas and these in urban areas. 
 UNESCO's representative in Rabat Ahmed Al-Sayyad emphasized the international organization's desire to make the role North African parliaments and elements of civil society effective in order to achieve the planned objectives within the context of awareness of early childhood, given that it is a vital criterion in supporting the mainstays of general development, establishing human rights and reinforcing the values of liberty and democracy at the heart of society. 
 For his part, the head of the United nations children's organization (UNICEF) in Tunisia, Michel Delmotte, called for greater promotion of development programs for children in Arab societies and praised Tunisia's efforts in the field of child care. 
 The representative of the Islamic Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (ISESCO) Mohammed Al-Ghumari described the efforts made by ISESCO in the area of advancing partnerships between regional and international organizations and relevant international organisms in order to eliminate the obstacles that hinder programs aimed at child development. 
 The representative of the Arab Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (ASESCO)Milud Habibi stressed the great attention accorded by the organization to the issue of education in early childhood in its programs and activities and emphasized the prominent role borne by parliaments in backing state efforts and elements of civil society in supporting early childhood protection programs. 
 Egyptian People's Assembly Decides to Postpone Local Council Elections 
 Cairo February 15 /Xinhua/ An Egyptian parliamentary source said today, Wednesday, that the Egyptian People's Assembly approved a draft bill yesterday evening, Tuesday, presented by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak to postpone local council elections for two years. 
 The same source, a member of the ruling National Party, told Xinhua in Cairo that the People's Assembly in a session yesterday evening, Tuesday, approved the postponement of a draft bill to extend current local council terms by two years, which means postponing elections that were to be held in the next two months. 
 The source said that the Council saw many heated debates between Muslim Brotherhood deputies, official opposition parties and a number of independents who object to the draft bill, on the one hand, and the ruling National Party deputies, on the other. 
 He said that he regarded the proposal that local councils should continue their term for another two years until elections are held, in accordance with a new vision for the management of local administration provided for under the terms of a new law, as being in keeping with the requirements of the constitutional reform aimed at by President Hosni Mubarak's program. 
 He said that holding elections now and in accordance with current legislation for local administration would mean that the councils created by such elections would not be in line with what the new local administration law has introduced with regard to a vision and direction that supports local administration and consolidates their executive and supervisory powers. 
 The source said the two year postponement decision was in keeping with an important practical consideration because postponing the elections for just one year would make the local council elections coincide with the Shura Council's mid-term elections which begin in April 2007, a situation which practical considerations prohibit and that in view of the above, the text for the draft bill provides for existing local councils to continue their term for another two years. 
 The Egyptian Shura Council approved the postponement of the local elections two days ago. 
 It should be noted that the term in office of current local councils ends next April 15 and local council elections are, according to law, to be held within a period of 60 days prior to the end of their terms. 
 Opposition parties and political forces in Egypt have rejected the Shura Council's decision to back the bill to postpone the elections and accuse the ruling National Democratic Party of trying to stop them fighting the elections and marginalizing their role in the local arena. 
 Rice to Hold Talks in Egypt Next Week 
 Cairo February 15 /Xinhua/ American diplomatic sources in Cairo announced today, Wednesday, that the American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice is to visit Egypt next week as part of a trip to several countries in the region, including Saudi Arabia, to hold talks concerning developments in the region and the United States' relations with these countries. 
 The same sources told Xinhua news agency that Rice would hold talks in Egypt with President Hosni Mubarak and senior Egyptian officials on developments in the region and on the peace process dossiers for Iraq and Iran. 
 The sources said that Rice's talks in the region would center on developments in the Middle East peace process in the wake of the Hamas movement victory in the Palestinian elections, especially since Hamas has not yet taken a clear stand in the matter of continuing the peace process with Israel. 
 The sources said that in the course of her visit,  Rice would stress the United States' position in support of the establishment of a Palestinian state but that it was important for Hamas to recognize the existence of Israel, renounce violence and disarm its militias. 
 The sources added that Rice would explore developments in the Iranian nuclear dossier with the region's leaders and ways of tackling Iran's power in the region. 
 Rice carried out a similar trip in the second half of last year when she visited Egypt and met President Hosni Mubarak, as well as a number of opposition leaders and intellectuals in Egypt. 
 Talabani Convenes Meetings with Bloc Leaders to Form National Unity Government 
 Baghdad February 15 /Xinhua/ Kamran Qaradaghi, the official spokesman for the Iraqi president, announced that President Talabani is continuing to convene conferences and meetings which are intensifying on a daily basis in order to arrive at an acceptable conclusion for the political process in the post-election period. 
 Qaradaghi said at a press conference held today, Wednesday, that President Talabani was meeting all the main political parties and listening to their viewpoints in an attempt to bring their positions closer in his capacity as president of the republic and patron of the country's political process, in addition to his role as president of the Kurdistan Alliance bloc. 
 Qaradaghi said that all parliamentary blocs were discussing national concord and emphasizing the absence of any red lines against any list that won in the elections and described this position as "a good step and President Talabani is pleased with it." 
 He went on to say that "the president has clearly stated that he will not tolerate the matter of red lines and should a particular individual say they exist, then this does not mean  that all members of the bloc he belongs to are of the same opinion. He has also denied the existence of any red lines stopping any bloc being part of the future government." 
 As for the formation of the future government, Qaradaghi said that "the political situation in the country is a special one. Iraq is still in a state of war against terrorism, in addition to the poor economic situation and regional and international changes and this means adopting a harmonious stance in running the country, with election rights taken into consideration", and stressed that Talabani was asking that the principle of harmony should take precedence over narrow party interests. 
 He said that political bloc leaders had not yet reached the review phase in looking into the details of forming a future government which has to be a true national unity government and include everyone, and that there must not be any red lines against any bloc and the importance at the present time of reaching a consensus on a clear political program which the future government will abide by. 
 Erekat Sends Urgent Letters to International Community to Put a Stop to Israel's Plans 
 Gaza February 16 /Xinhua/ Saeb Erekat, head of the negotiations department of the Palestinian Liberation Front, sent urgent letters today, Thursday, to a number of countries asking them to intervene immediately in Israel's plans to isolate the Jordan Valley and divide up the West Bank. 
 The statement issued by the department, sent to Xinhua, said that the letters were sent to each of the American Deputy Secretary of State David Walsh, the United Nations Under Secretary-General Alvaro de Soto, the European Union peace envoy Mark Otte, the Russian peace envoy Alexander Kalugin and the ambassadors, consuls and attachés of the European Union, Latin American, Asian and African countries and Canada, Australia and Japan. 
 The statement said that the letters stressed that "continued operations and attacks mean the peace option will fail and prevent the establishment of a Palestinian state along the June 4 1967 borders, and that they fall within a policy of imposing and dictating on the ground rather than through negotiation." 
 The statement said that "isolating the Jordan Valley area is a preliminary to annexing it to Israel. This decision presages a real humanitarian disaster where 2 million Palestinians are prohibited from entering an area that covers a third of the West Bank." 
 The statement went on to say that "continuing to build the isolation wall and annexation creates a racist order in the West Bank while annexing East Jerusalem, cutting off the Jordan Valley, intensifying settler activities and continuing to requisition water sources means the Israeli government is implementing a long-term transitional plan or a state with temporary borders in return for a long-term ceasefire." 
 The statement warned that "implementing these plans means a humanitarian, agricultural, educational and health disaster for all the inhabitants of the Jordan Valley. All the water in the Jordan Valley area and in most of the agricultural land has been taken over by Israeli settlers, some 8,000 of them, in addition to their setting up industrial residential and animal breeding colonies." 
 Rice Admits America Made Some Mistakes in the Rebuilding of Iraq 
 Washington February 16 /Xinhua/ American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Admitted that the American government some made mistakes in the rebuilding of Iraq which the United States has spent over 20 billion dollars on. 
 SWA Radio in America reported Rice as saying, in her testimony to the budget committee at the American Senate on Thursday, that the American government had made two mistakes, one of which was to do with the training of Iraqi forces and the second to do with re-building the infrastructure. 
 She said the first mistake was in the United States relying on quantity and not on quality in training the Iraqi security force to start with and said that the number of Iraqi security forces is now 227,000 and that they are qualified to carry out their duties. 
 Rice added that the second mistake is that the number of Iraqis with access to drinking water and waste disposal services is less than before the war. 
 Rise in Computer Sales in China 
 Beijing February 18 /Xinhua/ The volume of computer sales in China reached 476.22 billion Yuan (58.93 billion US dollars) in 2005, up 16.6%, and software and information technology service sales were up by 17.6% and 20.1% in the same year. 
 The newspaper Daily Economy reported that computer equipment on the Chinese market continued to develop in 2005. 
 The software and information services share of the market continued to rise by 0.2 and 0.4% compared to 2004. 
 At the same time, computer hardware, computer systems and peripheral products and internet systems rose slowly, at a rate of less than 13%. 
 However, digital products rose quickly at a rate of 59.3% annually and have become the driving force behind increased computer hardware product sales. 
 The Chinese computer market is expected to have promising prospects in the coming years and sales will rise by 14.2% annually in the period 2006-2010, with sales reaching 952.5 billion Yuan (around 114.54 billion US dollars) in 2010. 
 Indonesia Asserts Iran's Right to Nuclear Technology for Peaceful Purposes 
 Jakarta February 17 /Xinhua/ The Indonesian president's spokesman , Dino Patti Djalal, said today that Indonesia had abstained from voting during the Board of Governors' meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency on February 4th on the resolution to refer the Iranian nuclear program to the Security Council for two essential reasons, the first of which is Iran's right to possess nuclear technology for peaceful purposes and the second is Indonesia's need to ascertain that Iran has no plans to manufacture nuclear weapons. 
 The Indonesian president's spokesman said in statements to journalists this evening, Friday, that Indonesia had taken a decision to abstain from voting on the basis of considerations and private interests as an independent state. 
 He said that all signatory countries to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty including Iran had the right to develop nuclear programs for peaceful purposes and expressed his hope that Indonesia would obtain assurances from Iran with regard to not using nuclear technology for military purposes. 
 He said that the international community was still divided with regard to the current Iranian nuclear crisis and pointed out that the Iranian nuclear dossier had been referred to the Security Council as a result of the voting that took place during the Board of Governors' meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency in which 27 countries voted in favor of referring the dossier to the Security Council whereas three countries voted against and five countries including Indonesia abstained from voting. 
 International news summary 
 /First addition/ 
 Washington - Australian actress Nicole Kidman has joined the group of artists who are to present the American Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences awards (Oscars) next March in Los Angeles. 
 The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported today, Friday, Kidman and actor colleagues Meryl Streep, Clint Eastwood, Keanu Reeves and Will Smith will be presenting the awards to this year's winners. 
 Kidman won an Oscar for Best Actress for her role in the film The Hours in 2002. She was also nominated for the same award in 2001 for her role in the film Moulin Rouge but lost to actress Julia Roberts. 
 Washington -- Lisa Marie Presley, daughter of deceased legendary American singer Elvis Presley, married for the fourth time, to guitarist Michael Lockwood. 
 The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) reported today, Friday, that the wedding ceremony was a traditional one and took place on the island of Kyoto in Japan where Lisa Marie was born. 
 Lisa Marie Presley married Keough in 1988 and had two children with him, a 16-year-old and a 13-year-old, before they separated in 1994. She then became close to Michael Jackson in 1996 and they had a short marriage that lasted only 20 months. 
 In 2002, she became close to Nicolas Cage but this time, the marriage lasted no longer than three months and the actor admitted that the marriage had been a mistake to begin with. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; Why do we Muslims rant about human rights for Muslim minorities in the West yet refuse to apply these to Christians in countries in which we are the majority? 
 &lt;POSTER&gt; By Doctor Yusra Mustapha, a Muslim writer but against terrorism 
 For our Muslim governments, who take the religion of Islam as the basis for their legislation, not to like human rights, especially the rights of religious minorities to practice their rituals, this is understandable. But for human rights to be regarded with suspicion by the upper classes and working classes outside the governmental sphere, this is a matter that requires reflection and an explanation. 
 We have seen, over the past years, that one of the major challenges for human rights and women's rights groups is assimilating human rights into a culture that still does not want to recognize the principles of human rights and their universality. 
 As we know, the principal pillar on which the rejection of human rights is based is cultural specificity, that discourse which argues that our societies have different values in terms of human rights values because the latter are western values in origin and nature. 
 In any case, the problem of spreading human rights culture does not result from restrictions by the state alone. Alongside this is a general ethos fed by the discourse of cultural specificity aimed at stripping universal human rights' values of their legitimacy. 
 In truth, this cultural rejection, which non-governmental political and ideological forces contribute to keeping alive, is a fact that cannot be ignored. Rather than ignoring it, it would be better look for the causes. 
 I think that the principles of human rights find no resonance in our societies not because they are foreign to us, but perhaps because they are foreign to a legal and political order with a selective approach to human rights and double standards. 
 Anyone interested in the matter will not be unaware that human rights are not rejected as a whole but in parts. Group rights for example are acceptable, as are political rights, even if they bother the government but they are listened to by opposition forces, including those that promote the discourse of cultural specificity. 
 As for personal rights, these are the real problem; they are what give rise to the discourse of cultural specificity, not just by governments but also by political and ideological forces that stand shoulder to shoulder with the authorities to create a public opinion that is opposed to universal human rights in the name of specificity. 
 When we talk about the right to develop, we feel a group comfort and accuse the western Other of exploiting us and when we talk about the right to form parties, the opposition responds and the government is angered. 
 But when it comes to freedom of thought or belief or personal rights for women, the discourse of cultural specificity comes to the fore to strip human rights of their legitimacy by seeing them as Western values. Consequently, the issue of cultural specificity is not used to confront human rights in a general manner but in a partial, selective manner, especially when the matter concerns fundamentally personal rights and freedom. 
 From this point, if we want to examine the lack of cultural legitimacy we accord the principles of human rights in our societies, we have to start from our cultural and political position on personal rights. 
 In other words, we have to start at the beginning by first questioning how legitimate personal rights are before we start talking about the legitimacy of human rights. 
 A respected article by the German philosopher Habermas entitled "Ascribing legitimacy by means of human rights" in which he says, "New laws fundamentally come about from the starting point of personal rights". 
 These rights give a law-abiding person legal scope to act according to his personal priorities. 
 In this way, these rights absolve the person who holds the rights, in a very modified manner, from any other kind of ethical-moral orders or recommendations. 
 In any case, no-one is legally required, within the limits allowed by law, to openly show his work. 
 Habermas points out that personal freedoms have been brought into the framework of modern law and as such, this is different from traditional legal systems. This reinforces Hobbes' principle which states: Everything is allowed that is not expressly prohibited and this is how law differs from morality. 
 The separation of law from morality in modern law is an important issue, not because we like the law and hate morality but because this is the modern historical logic for the principle of the rule of law. 
 This separation is what has historically allowed the existence of essentially legal entities on the basis of the concept of personal rights, as opposed to conventional orders in which people are essentially moral beings that are formed and disciplined in accordance with moral systems based on religion or customs and conventions or even modern political ideologies. 
 While contemporary law is founded on the principle of personal rights, moral discourse is based on a collective, comprehensive concept of rights and duties. 
 In  truth, when the matter concerns the individual in our societies, we find ourselves living in three dimensions: in one aspect, we are lawful entities as a result of historical progress which we do not reject, because laws rule us even if such laws conflict with general and personal rights. 
 A second aspect is that sections of civil law are interwoven with the religious-moral-terrorist as a model for laws relating to civil status or freedom of thought or belief or the religious rights of minorities. 
 A third aspect is that we as people are largely subject in our lives to purely moral rules which have an authority that the law does not have, especially when the matter relates to personal rights. 
 Yet with even this degree of freedom unfettered by the law, morality appears and curbs it, unlike law. 
 This is similar to the collective religious discourse, or what is endorsed in the name of customs and traditions, which comes in to impose new patterns of life within a framework of a system of rules and non-judicial moral restrictions by means of which individuals organize their lives in their capacity as moral beings. 
 Some might think that certain legal tenets are in constant conflict with moral tenets but this is far from being correct. 
 Law and morality can meet in a positive manner when both law and morals criminalize crimes, killing and theft for example. 
 But they also meet in a negative way to restrict personal freedoms and rights. 
 In our societies in particular, law regresses into its oppressive forms and leaves the arena to moral laws, not because they rival it but because these laws play a utilitarian role in the interest of authority, in other words the role of social control, especially in the area of personal rights and freedoms. 
 In this controlling context, an alliance occurs between three authorities: political authority, religious authority and the authority of customs and traditions. 
 What cannot be controlled by law can be controlled by morality and an individual will be punished, even if he has not broken the law. 
 What is noticeable is that this process of control is dependent on moral punishment, which can progress to violence, where individuals are categorized not on the basis of abiding or not abiding by the law but on the basis of a moral trait in the manner of what is pure and impure in the primitive sense. 
 The religious discourse addressed to women depends of a kind of moral grading such as saying the Hijab equals chastity and purity and she who does not wear the Hijab is punished culturally and socially in the sense that she has lost her legitimacy in terms of chastity and purity. 
 We also see this kind of grading in political ideologies where he hear the term "honorable citizens", suggesting that the person who does not follow the political agenda is only a citizen and if he objects, he may be deemed to be a dishonorable citizen. 
 The language of chastity and purity and honor involve a type of non-judicial punishment of moral entities. 
 This highlights the dilemma of the legitimacy of human rights because the language of human rights is a legal language in principle, in other words it is designed to speak to lawful entities that live within a political and legal order based on citizenship which recognizes the personal rights of individuals and protects them. 
 However, the problem, as pointed out earlier, is that the lawful entity itself has no cultural legitimacy and is replaced by an entity that is moral in essence. 
 On the basis of this, the discourse of human rights enters into an area that is foreign to its legal language and terms and is treated in a selective manner where the collective is accepted and the personal is rejected. 
 The legitimacy of human rights cannot be instituted until there is collective recognition that they are legitimate. 
 This recognition will not come as long as there are authorities that fear human rights and people who do not speak the language of law, which is the language of human rights, but rather with the language of morality which is the language of political and religious authority and the authority of customs and traditions. 
 This is where the importance of defending the issue of citizenship comes in, not because it is a matter of tolerance and co-existence but because it is fundamentally a matter of civil rights and giving consideration to the lawful entity based on personal rights and freedom. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; FW: And cows... make mistakes!! 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
  ________________________________ 
 Sent: 8/Feb/2006 10:58 AM 
 And cows... make mistakes!! 
 Badriya Al-Abd Al-Rahman 2/1/1427  2/1/2006 
 I know that my topic is the hottest topic on the Islamic scene these days... 
 It might seem to a lot of you that it is repetitive of me to talk about the Danish foolishness that has rallied Muslim feelings across the world... and how we were able to read and calm a situation that presaged undesirable results. 
 What's the story? 
 How can we explain this highly exceptional behavior? 
 Can we interpret it as a sudden awakening of religious fanaticism in the century of tolerance and non-bigotry?!! 
 Or is it a more abrupt awakening of non-religious fanaticism against religion and faiths and religious icons?! 
 What is most surprising is that this is happening in a quiet, peaceful country that has noticeably abstained from participating in international decisions... yet it is perhaps this political activity (and "untouchableness") and geographical distance from the sites of cultural and ideological conflict, especially with Muslims and with other civilizations in general, that make it a controversial issue, 
 that there should be an initiative (although exceptional) by a magazine to provoke the followers of the Muslim religion that millions worldwide believe in. 
 What is worse is that this provocation should take place not out of goodwill or in order to bring about a dialog with the other... but to create an Islam (with medals)on which accusations and previously defined stereotypical images of our religion are hung... 
 This whole scene showed extremely shocking Danish foolishness which I don't think history will gloss over easily... and I don't think the land of cows and milk with its image of great kindness and naivety needed to flex its muscles - when it wanted to flex them - by provoking Islamists and Muslims of all persuasions... 
 Why only Islam...? 
 and using the supreme symbol of this religion, its Noble Prophet May God's Peace Be Upon Him... describing it as the religion of bombs and death... categorically...  more categorically than categorically... because the role of the cartoons in the newspaper is to implant the image of a true Muslim reality that only idiots argue about...! 
 So it is with this simplicity that the long history of a major religion is reduced to a cartoon depiction that is offensive to us alone, and not to other religions and ideological movements in the world in whose name atrocities and crimes against the whole world were committed... so that Islam alone remains on the death list... 
 This is how what is sacrosanct is debased and religious sensibilities are attacked beyond the red line, and cross it by hundreds of meters without the slightest shame or logic... as though religion is now a product or merchandise of no importance in terms of what it symbolizes and does, and what it brings about in the souls of its believers.... 
 In brief, a lack of manners and rudeness in the cultural code ... in the political code... in all codes... nothing can explain this foolishness except that it is a lack of manners which Denmark did not expect to result in any foolish action against it... because it was quite simply being (impious and oppressive). 
 Damn this miserable image... not only because it is wrong and ugly... but because it also awakens issues that have been fomenting for centuries in the Western mind against Islamists... Islamists of death and the sword and horses and slitting throats in God's name... no more 
 Residues that have found those who stir them up to muddy the relative harmony in which Muslims in the West live, and in Denmark in particular specifically because of fanatics (of whatever ideological type) who are not aware of the dangers of what they are doing... 
 What has Denmark done to itself for God's sake?! 
 And how can it hope to gain our respect after all that has happened? 
 How can it protect its citizens in Islamic countries, and everywhere, from the fierce anger of Muslims?! 
 Just questions, I don't know if they have gone through or are going through the minds of the Danes and public opinion and decision-makers... or is that mind still preoccupied with milking its cows and making its butter without being conscious of the enormity of the crisis it has been landed in by a magazine team that has now become every Dane in the mind of every Muslim! 
 We boycott... so that we can be...! 
 Calls via text messages and email to boycott Danish products and defame them are a healthy and good manifestation and I fully support this... 
 Since the boycott on American and Israeli goods, the Muslim Arab mind has leapt to create its "say no" areas which are heavy and difficult at times... yet in a beautiful and admirable way, even though we might disagree with it. 
 The international mind must understand that the Muslim is no longer one of a group of countries mainly from the Third World (when you are absent and they cannot be ordered because they are witnesses)... it is now educated, someone aware of his or her cultural background which is the Muslim religion with its different sects or varied commitment to its religious teachings... 
 What is important is that it now knows how to say "No" in a loud and cultured voice, in a manner that expresses its unease with the arrogance of the abuse which the Westerners use against the Arabs who need them and resort to them and line up in queues to get entry visas and work there... 
 Western arrogance which has a long history and has lasted and has finally come to debase what is sacrosanct... and what is sacrosanct is a huge red line in any culture which every person has the right to protest against if it is debased through sarcasm and humiliation. 
 When I say this, I know that my boycotting and your boycotting will not damage or diminish Danish butter or its widespread reputation... nor its stupid cows... but we do it for ourselves... so that we don't lose the only simple "no" we have at the moment which fills our mouths... 
 Let us say: "We are here, we live on this planet with all our problems and crises... we can live side by side and we deserve respect... ... we possess the right to express ourselves and to reject, even though we hate having to do this..." 
 To stop more trouble-making and hatred being pumped into the sea of hatred that our pitiful planet is rolling in... I hope that Denmark will make a sweeping and deep-felt apology to Muslim sensibilities and alleviate the extent of the crisis... 
 and not wait for what is in the Muslim heart to be expunged in one go with one apology... because the extent of the shock was great and eliminating it will be no easy matter... 
 Because if that apology is not made, then we will spend our whole lives replaying this piece... regurgitating hatred... and raising our children and our children will raise their children to believe that Denmark and Satan are brothers and what applies to one applies to the other... 
 If this apology is not made then the fire of hatred will carry on burning... and perhaps Denmark will be surprised by a deed that results because the feelings of Muslims were provoked. It may find a good application of the hardened terrorist with his (explosive) turban in its land and amongst its beautiful castles and its ugly cows. 
 Perhaps Denmark will lose all its beauty and naivety because of its long tongue... 
 Perhaps its cows have chattered away more stupidly than usual... 
 Perhaps we have only a few days before we see something we would not have wished upon Denmark before ... 
 Perhaps everything will happen (here or there) 
 How I hate (perhaps) in this context... May God prevent any evil, perhaps...!!! 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; FW: Five killed during protest demonstrations against offensive drawings 
 POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
 ________________________________ 
 Sent: 7/Feb/2006 8:14 AM 
 Five killed during protest demonstrations against offensive drawings 
 ________________________________ 
 At least five people were killed in Afghanistan during a wave of demonstrations and protests that swept the country in protest against the publication by a Danish newspaper of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). 
 Two people were killed when protestors attacked an American airbase in Bagram in spite of the United States not having anything to do with the publication of the cartoons. 
 Three people were killed when police opened fire after protestors attacked a police station, according to a police spokesman. 
 In Somalia, a 14-year-old boy was killed and others wounded when demonstrators attacked the police. 
 The riots and demonstrations extended from Gaza to India and from Indonesia to Iran. 
 Thousands of Afghans demonstrated in the town of Mihtarlam in the province of Laghman in eastern Afghanistan in protest against the publication of offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). 
 Demonstrators chanted slogans such as "Death to Denmark" and "Death to France" and demanded the closure of their embassies in Afghanistan. 
 Two people were killed on the spot while another died after being admitted to hospital in Jalalabad. 
 Reports say a number of people were injured after being fired at by the police. 
 A police official accused Taliban members of being responsible for inciting the clashes. 
 Other cities in Afghanistan saw demonstrations against the offensive drawings of the Prophet Mohamed (PBUH) with hundreds of people demonstrating in Kandahar and Mazar-e-Sharif and hundreds of others gathering outside the Danish embassy in Kabul. 
 In the province of Takahar in northeast Afghanistan, demonstrators threw stones at government buildings while police fired shots in the air. 
 On Sunday, a number of Afghan towns saw protest demonstrations against the offensive drawings of the Prophet Mohammed (PBUH). 
 Protests continue 
 Around 200 demonstrators in the Iranian capital Tehran throw stones at the Austrian embassy, breaking its windows as they chant "Death to Denmark and Israel". It appears that the attackers targeted the Austrian Embassy because it is currently president of the European Union. 
 Iran's Trade Minister announces the immediate suspension of trade relations between his country and Denmark. 
 Syria faces a compensation claim by Norway after its embassy in Damascus was burned down on Saturday. 
 In Indonesia police fired warning shots at demonstrators outside the American consulate in Surabaya, the second largest Indonesia city. Demonstrators had earlier smashed the Danish Embassy's windows in the city. 
 Indian anti-riot forces broke up a demonstration by hundreds of students in Delhi using tear gas and hosepipes. 
 Shops closed in the Indian section of Kashmir after a call for a general strike in protest against the drawings. 
 In Thailand, demonstrators chanted "Allah is Great" as they trampled on the Danish flag outside the Danish embassy in Bangkok. 
 Demonstrations outside the European Union offices in Gaza. Demonstrations also broke out outside these offices last week. 
 The pictures were first published in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten then republished in German, Italian, Dutch, Spanish and Hungarian newspapers, all of which said they were exercising freedom of expression. However, British newspapers refused to publish the pictures. 
 Negative and positive self-programming 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
________________________________  
 Sent: 11/Feb/2006 2:42 PM 
 Negative and positive self-programming... 
 Most people are programmed from a young age to behave, speak or think in a specific negative way. This grows with them until they become prisoners of what is called "negative programming" which stops them achieving many things in this life. 
 We find many of them saying "I have a weak personality. I can't stop smoking. I'm bad at dictations. I..." 
 We find they have acquired this negativity from the family, school or friends or all of these together. 
 But can this negative programming be changed and transformed into positive programming? The answer is yes... a thousand times yes. But why is this necessary??? 
 We need to program ourselves positively to be happy and successful, to live a good life, to realize our dreams and goals. Especially as we are Muslims and we have a task and an aim that we must achieve in order to worship God Almighty and realize the vicegerency that God has given us on this earth. 
 Before we start the program to change negative programming, we must agree on a number of matters which are: 
 You have to decide deep inside yourself that you want to change. Your decision is what will light the way to transforming negativity into positivity. 
 Repeat the actions and affirmations you are about to learn and make them part of your life. 
 Now, the first method in positive programming is: 
 Talking to yourself: 
 Have you seen someone talking to themselves loudly as they walk along, gesticulating and murmuring and maybe swearing and cursing. Of course we don't want you to copy this behavior. 
 Or have you ever had a fierce argument with another person and, after the person leaves, the argument goes round in your mind again so that you imagine the argument again and start changing the words and expressions around and saying to yourself why didn't I say this or that... 
 Did you ever attend a lecture or talk and talked to yourself and said "I couldn't make a speech like that" or "how could I stand up in front of all those people" or you say "I could never stand up in front of people to give a speech or a lecture." 
 All this talk and discussion with the self negatively programs a person and could lead to unhealthy actions. 
 Luckily you and I and anyone have the ability to change our attitude to how we talk to ourselves and we can change negative programming and replace it with a new programming that gives us power. 
 One self-help guru says, "We can change our past and our future at every moment by reprogramming our present." 
 So, from now on, we have to watch and be aware of the internal dialogue we have with ourselves. 
 It has been said, 
 Watch your thoughts because they will become actions. 
 Watch your actions because they will become habits. 
 Watch your habits because they will become traits... 
 Watch your traits because they will decide you fate. 
 I want clarify a few scientific facts about the human mind, and to focus in particular on the subconscious mind. 
 The subconscious mind does not rationalize things in the same way as the conscious mind because it quite simply stores information and repeats it whenever it is called up from where it is stored. 
 If a message is programmed in the mind for a long time and repeated constantly, for example if you always say in every situation... "I'm very shy, I'm very shy", "I'm bad-tempered" or "I can't play sports", "I can't stop smoking" and so on, then such messages become embedded and stay deep within the subconscious mind and can't be changed. But they can be replaced by other healthy and positive programming. 
 Another fact is that the subconscious mind has strange behavior we're don't notice. So for example if I say this sentence to you, "Do not think of a black horse", can you do that and stop your mind from thinking about it. Of course not, because you have most likely started to think of a black horse. 
 Why?? 
 Your mind has cancelled out the word "not" and retained the rest of the sentence which is: Think of a black horse. 
 So is it possible to exploit this strange behavior of the mind? 
 Let's now give you a summary and let Doctor  Ibrahim Al-Faqi tell us, as he mentions in his book The Power of Self-Control: Rules and Basic Program for Positive Self-Programming: 
 He says: 
 Here are the five rules for programming the subconscious: 
 - Your message must be clear and definite. 
 - Your message must be positive (such as I am strong, I am healthy, I can stop...) 
 - Your message must be in the present tense (for example, don't say "I will be stronger" but say "I am strong") 
 - Your message must be accompanied by a strong belief in its content so that the subconscious mind accepts it and programs it 
 - The message must be repeated several times to be completely programmed. 
 Here's the plan so that your dialogue with yourself has positive power: 
 Write at least five self-messages with a negative effect on you such as: 
 I'm shy, I can't stop smoking, my memory is poor, I can't speak in public, I'm bad-tempered, then tear up the paper you wrote the negative messages on and throw it away. 
 Write five positive self-messages which give you strength and always start with the word "I" such as: 
 "I can stop smoking", "I like talking to people", "I have a good memory" 
 "I am an excellent person", "I am active and have a lot of energy". 
 Write your positive message in a small diary and keep it with you at all times. 
 Now take a deep breath and read the messages one after the other till you memorize them. 
 Start again with the first message and take a deep breath, get rid of any tension in your body, read the first message 10 times with emotion, close your eyes and imagine yourself in your new form then open your eyes. 
 Starting from today, be careful about what you say to yourself and be careful what you say to others and be careful about what others say to you. If you notice any negative message, cancel it out by saying "cancel" and replace it with a different, positive message. 
 Make sure you have strength and can be and can possess and can do whatever you want simply by defining exactly what it is you want and moving in that direction with all your strength. Jim Ron talked about this in his book "Permanent Happiness": "Repetition is the basis of skills" 
 This is why you must have confidence in what you say and also repear positive messages to yourself for you are the master of your mind and the captain of your ship... you control your life and you can transform your life into a limitless happy, healthy and successful experience. 
 Always remember: 
 Live each moment as though it is the last moment in your life. 
 Live in faith, live in hope. 
 Live in love, live in challenge. 
 Value how precious your life is. 
 (adapted from the book The Power of Self-Control by Dr Ibrahim Al-Faqi) 
 Finally, I wish you luck, forgiveness and mercy. 
 Amen 
 Your brother in God 
 image001.gif 
 2K  Download 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; FW Dandruff... causes and treatment 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
  ________________________________ 
 Sent: 11/Feb/2006 2:43 PM 
 Dandruff... causes and treatment 
 I believe this is a very common problem which everyone suffers from at one point or another in their life 
 At one time, it was believed that dandruff was caused by the rapid growth of hair cells on the scalp but this idea has been found to be wrong. 
 It has recently been discovered that dandruff is caused by a type of yeast called Pityrosporum Ovale 
 and the problem appears as a result of poor circulation in the scalp, 
 anxiety 
 using hot water to wash hair 
 as well as greasy hair having some role to play in this. 
 Sometimes dandruff does not cause much of a problem but when it appears on clothes or itches or leaves an unpleasant smell in the hair, the problem starts. 
 One's chic appearance and dignity are blown away and dandruff becomes a question that needs an answer. 
 The question is, how do we treat it? 
 There is general advice we have to pay attention which is: 
 1. not to use other people's implements to comb one's hair, 
 2. paying attention to the cleanliness of our personal implements... which means washing brushes and combs at least once a week, 
 3. washing hair with specific treatment shampoos available in the shops. 
 Here I would advise you to use Nezoral shampoo, not because I'm advertising it or anything but because this shampoo contains the substance Ketoconazole and this substance is effective in getting rid of the yeasts which cause dandruff. 
 After using the shampoo, rinse your hair with vinegar diluted in water and massage the scalp. 
 Here are some effective measures: 
 * Wash you hair. 
 Rub your hair with apple vinegar. 
 Leave it on for a quarter of an hour. 
 Rinse it. 
 * Wash you hair. 
 Mix 1/2 cup of apple vinegar with 1/2 cup of lemon juice. 
 Massage your scalp with the mixture. 
 Leave the mixture on your head for half an hour. 
 Apply olive oil and leave for another quarter of an hour then wash your hair with shampoo. 
 Repeat this process once a week until the dandruff disappears. You may not need to do it more than once. 
 * Olive oil, almond oil and cactus oil help the scalp regain its balance and feed it. 
 My regards and stay well. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; FW Pains in the Red Sea 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
 ________________________________ 
 Sent: 11/Feb/2006 2:50 PM 
 Pains in the Red Sea 
 My father put a life jacket on me when he saw the Al-Ibara tilt and start to sink, 
 After that, I saw my father drown then my mother, 
 I remained alone for 30 hours battling the waves, helped by one of the survivors, until the rescue teams came and lifted me out of the water. 
 Everything is lost, 
 I was living in Saudi Arabia for three years where I had tasted the bitterness of life, 
 I came back with the "fruits of my life", to marry and settle down, 
 But suddenly, everything was lost... everything. 
 There was a fire in the lower decks of Al-Ibara, 
 but the crew prevented some passengers who saw the fire from putting on life jackets under the pretext that it would cause unnecessary panic among other passengers. 
 You saw the result, 
 Al-Ibara went down and with it more than 1000 passengers. 
 Al-Ibara's crew told us when we saw smoke coming out of the engine room on the lower deck "don't worry, we'll put it out". 
 When things got much worse, we couldn't find the lifeboats because some workers on board the Al-Ibara took them and left us on the ship to face death alone. 
 I was in the water for 30 hours, battling death, 
 30 hours without food or water, 
 My skin nearly melted. 
 So where is respect for our humanity? 
 If Al-Ibara's passengers had been Israeli, would they have been treated with such negligence and such slowness? 
 God gave me the gift of three children, two girls and one boy, and we lived in Saudi Arabia together, 
 then we decided to return home for good and settle in Egypt, 
 so I sent on my furniture and my children's books and all our possessions. 
 Shortly after sailing off, we were overcome with terror as we saw smoke rise from the ship, 
 then it tilted and sank. 
 I saw my three children and wife as they screamed and swallowed water and I screamed and tried to save them but God was victorious. 
 They all drowned in front of my eyes, 
 their books and some of their games floated on the surface... 
 From him comes recompense. 
 In God only is there power and strength. 
 When the fire got really big, we heard the sound of explosions in Al-Ibara's kitchen. 
 We thought it was from gas cylinders exploding, 
 so we shouted at the captain to go back to the port of Safaga which was closer than Dhaba but he refused. 
 We became terrified and the captain ordered us to knock on doors to get passengers out of their cabins and assemble starboard side until the Al-Ibara regained its balance. But within five minutes everyone was drowning 
 and the shouting and wailing got louder. 
 Men were imploring God "Oh Lord, save us... Oh Lord, have mercy on us" 
 &quot;  
 Others were reciting the shahada. 
 **** 
 May God have mercy on all the victims of the accident and grant their loved ones patience and solace 
 image001.gif 
 1K  Download 
 image002.gif 
 32K  Download 
 image003.gif 
 39K  Download 
 image004.gif 
 48K  Download 
 image005.gif 
 40K Download 
 image006.gif 
 58K  Download 
 image007.gif 
 40K  Download 
 image008.gif 
 51k Download 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; FW: God's month 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Bandar Al-Shalaan 
 ____________________________ 
 Sent: 31/Jan/2006 11:08 AM 
 As it is a holy month and a very important month in God Almighty's eyes, the Prophet May God's Peace Be Upon Him included it and called it God's month 
 It is the month of Muharram. 
 Voluntary fasting in this month is one of the best ways to become closer to God 
 and it is better than any other voluntary fasting during the year, 
 For it is more than fasting. 
 And do not forget us in your prayers. 
 May God's peace be upon our Prophet Mohammed and all his family and companions. 
 image001.jpg 
 71K  Download 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; Men's chastity 
 &lt;POSTER&gt; Abu Suleiman 
 Why does men's chastity no longer have any value or respect? 
 And is it now that a chaste man who rises above his sexual appetite gives rise to amazement and suspicion? 
 Why has become that a man who does not have Islamically unlawful sexual relations before marriage is a fool in the eyes of some? 
 Why has the man who does not betray his wife become a coward who fears his wife will find out or whose masculinity is doubted? 
 Our society is greatly concerned with female virginity, 
 but why doesn't anyone talk about male virginity? 
 In an era of openness and progress, which makes it easy to fall into what is sinful 
 Temptations surround us on every side and are no longer difficult 
 to have and there is nothing easier than inequality, which draws people into depravity. 
 But this is no excuse to justify what is forbidden, 
 And if women and men are subject to the same temptations, then they are equal in punishment and accountability. 
 According to God's law, God Almighty says: (Tell the believing men that they shall lower their eyes and maintain their chastity and tell the believing women that they shall lower their eyes and maintain their chastity). 
 And as it is more preferable and fairer to measure our behavior according to God's rules and laws, we see that it gives clear indications that the concept is to be applied to both men and women. 
 God Almighty said: {The chaste men, the chaste women, and the men who remember God frequently and the women who remember Him, God has prepared for them forgiveness and a great recompense} [Al-Ahzab:35] 
 Therefore men's chastity is no less important than women's chastity and does not diminish his manhood and just as chastity is required of women, so it is also required of men. 
 We must broaden the concept of virginity to include both men and women so that there is equality. 
 But in our eastern societies, these concepts have become erroneous, 
 and chastity is expected of women only, which is their asset and the foundation of their family's honor, 
 whereas men's chastity is not an issue or a matter of shame. 
 Nothing is shameful for them, based on the principle that any sin is permitted as long as it is not made public. 
 This is a call to all to insist on chastity and to refrain from what is forbidden 
 and for us to abandon the common concept that male chastity is a dubious trait that a man is embarrassed by and avoids so that he is accused of stupidity, lack of education and poverty of experience. 
 Male chastity means modesty and it is an honorable trait. It means he keeps his faith and follows the right path, and takes refuge against sin and God Almighty's wrath and preserves his health from disease. 
 Chastity begins in the heart then reaches the body and in a man, it is a clear sign of a strong character and raises him above and keeps him from adultery so that he quells his sexual appetites and disciplines himself against being drawn in by its lusts. 
 The chaste person is a rational person able to control his desires and cravings and who only allows himself to satisfy them with what pleases God. 
 He is a patient and fair person who is beyond vile acts and rises above his appetite. 
 He has rare qualities which only one whose faith is strong is capable of having. 
 The Holy Koran calls on every bachelor 
 {to Let those who do not enter into matrimony be chaste} 
 Thaleb interpreted this and said: 
 Let him control himself by fasting for it is self-denial. 
 Chastity is required of the married and unmarried. 
 How many men betray their wives and boast in their gatherings of their adventures so that they appear to be no less important than others or no less manly or so that they do not become laughingstocks? 
 My dear brother, I ask you not to weaken and to preserve your purity and your chastity. 
 Do not give in to temptation. 
 Try and strengthen your faith in God. 
 For if you weaken, remember that God sees you and you will be asked and we will all be asked about our actions and your manhood will not bring you God's forgiveness because God's commandments are clear. 
 Chastity is not required of women only, it is every human being's duty. 
 Do not let society be accountable for your actions. 
 If you evade accountability in the world, you will not escape punishment in the Afterlife. 
 Remember that death does not ask permission of anyone. 
 When it comes, it will not wait for you to repent. 
 For when their time comes, it comes not an hour later or an hour earlier. 
 If you have been content with the most vile of acts, do not expect and do not ask for the best of rewards. 
 Remember that reward is dependent on acts of piety. 
 and if you do this, do not expect God to favor you with a good wife. 
 God Almighty says in Surat Al-Nur (Bad women for bad men, and bad men for bad women, and good women for good men and good men for good women, they are innocent of such accusations, they have attained forgiveness and a generous reward) 
 &quot; 
 Lord, I ask you for chastity and prosperity. 
 &quot; 
 We ask God to guard the Muslim youth from wrongdoing and evil. 
 God is the best protector and the most compassionate of the compassionate. 
 God Almighty! 
 &lt;POSTER&gt; Abu Suleiman 
 They tightened her shackles... 
 They deprived her of her senses. 
 She felt as though she was put on what felt like a sedan... with its height and movement... 
 She heard the voice of her beloved among them. 
 Why didn't he berate them? 
 Why didn't he stop them taking her???? 
 The sound of dull footsteps walking on rough sand... 
 Cool dawn breezes touching her white clothes... 
 And even though she couldn't see, she imagined the weather around her to be misty... 
 She imagined the land she was in now to be empty, arid land... 
 .. 
 Finally, the footsteps stopped altogether and she felt herself being put down on the ground... 
 She heard a stone being lifted near her and another being put down... 
 then a second one being carried... and there was silence around her... she felt darkness enter her bones... 
 ... it was her son... yes him... 
 No doubt he had come to save her? 
 But... what was she hearing? 
 He was calling her softly: mother... 
 And through tears, her husband spoke to her saying: hold on... 
 Patience with the first shock... 
 Pray for her, my son... 
 Come on... 
 He was overwhelmed by a sigh... 
 He cast one last look at the shrouded body... and could not contain himself. He said in a voice dripping with pain: There is no God but God... 
 There is no God but God... 
 We come from Him and to Him we return 
 This is the last thing she heard from him... 
 Then the sound of marble stone falling from above to close the only opening that let through sound and light... and life... 
 The sound of footsteps retreating... 
 Where to? 
 Where are you leaving me? 
 How can you leave me, alone in this darkness? 
 She looked around her and suddenly saw... 
 Saw???? 
 What could she see in this dark cellar? 
 Its darkness was not the darkness of night she was used to... because that was accompanied by moonlight... and the rays of the stars was reflected on things and people... but here she could barely see her hand... she felt her eyes were completely blindfolded... 
 She remembered her loved ones... 
 She heard the footsteps fade away completely and a shudder ran through her body. 
 She got up to follow them... 
 How could they leave her when they knew she was frightened of the dark and of being alone? 
 But a heavy hand pushed her down roughly... 
 She looked behind her with extreme fear... and saw something she had never seen before... 
 She saw the Sphinx had become embodied as a creature... 
 But how could she see him in spite of the intense blackness? 
 She said in a trembling voice," Who are you?" 
 She heard a resounding high-pitched voice to her right, We have come to ask you..." 
 She turned round... 
 There was another creature similar to the first... 
 She was dumbstruck... 
 She wished the earth would swallow her up so that she wouldn't see these entities... 
 But then she remembered the earth had actually swallowed her up... 
 She wished for death to escape this reality from which there was no escape... 
 Then she despaired that her wishes were no good... because she was actually dead... 
 - Who is your God? 
 - Ha... Who is your God? 
 - My God? 
 I have worshiped only God all my life... 
 - What is your religion? 
 My religion is Islam... 
 - Who is your prophet? 
 - My prophet? 
 She wracked her memory 
 What was the matter, she had forgotten his name? 
 Was it not always on her lips? 
 Did she not always bless his name five times a day in her prayers? 
 With an angry voice, the voice asked her again: who is your prophet? 
 A moment, please... 
 I can't remember... 
 A big stick was held aloft in the creature's hand... 
 She screamed... 
 Her limbs tensed... 
 Suddenly, the name came into her mind: 
 She shouted at the top of her voice: the Prophet Mohammed... 
 Mohammed.... 
 Then she shut her eyes tightly... but... nothing happened... 
 A deathly silence... 
 She opened her eyes in surprise... 
 The creature whose name was Nakir said: You were saved by a prayer you always repeated (O Lord, you who turns hearts, make my heart steadfast in your religion). 
 A shiver went through her body... 
 She wanted to smile with joy... but she couldn't... 
 This was not the place to smile... 
 O Lord, when will these difficult moments end? 
 A short while later Munkir said to her," you delayed in praying the dawn prayer..." 
 She opened hr eyes wide... 
 She knew there was no way out this time... 
 because it was not untrue... 
 He pushed her in front of him... 
 She wanted to cry but tears found no way out... 
 She walked in front of Munkir and Nakir along a long cellar until she reached a place that looked like a prison. 
 ... 
 She felt sick... 
 She wished she could faint... but it didn't happen... 
 She continued to look at the terrifying place... 
 At every point, there was screaming and blood... 
 wailing and destruction... 
 bones being broken... 
 bodies being burned... 
 Cruel faces with no mercy in their hearts for they did not respond to all this supplication... 
 The angels pushed her from behind so she walked, feeling that her feet could no longer carry her... 
 She came to a man lying on his back... 
 and standing over his head was an angel, one of the ones with a cold, hard face... 
 holding a heavy stone... 
 Right before her eyes, the angel dropped the stone on the man's head... it smashed and broke off his body, rolling down... 
 She screamed 
 She cried... 
 Then she was so astonished that  she stopped speaking ... 
 The head quickly came back to its owner... 
 And the angel dropped the stone on him again... 
 Here... it was said to her:, "Come on... lie next to this man... - What?" 
 - Come on... 
 She was pushed roughly... 
 She resisted... 
 and resisted... 
 and resisted... 
 to no avail... 
 He fate was dark... 
 truly dark... 
 She lay down, with fear churning her stomach... 
 She prayed to God... 
 but saw all the doors of prayers closed... 
 The time for prayer in this hour of need was gone... 
 ... if only she had prayed in times of plenty ... 
 If only she had prayed in the world... 
 If only she could go back to pray two prayers... 
 Just two prayers... to have mercy... 
 She looked up and saw an angel standing over her... 
 holding a big stone in his hand... 
 saying to her," this is your punishment on Judgment Day... because you slept instead of doing your duties..." 
 When despair overtook her... she saw a young man as bright as the moon walking towards her quickly... 
 A feeling of hope rose within her... 
 His face was full of joy and his smile lit up everything around him... 
 The young man came and put up his hand to stop the angel... 
 He said to him: What's the matter with you? 
 I have been sent to her... to protect her and stop you. 
 - Is this an order from God Almighty? 
 - Yes... 
 She could not believe her eyes... 
 The angel went... disappeared... and the handsome young man remained... 
 Was she dreaming? 
 The young man extended his hand to her. 
 ÙShe stood up... 
 She asked him with gratitude," who are you?" 
 - I am your son's prayer for you... and his goodness towards you... 
 Since you died, he has not stopped praying for you so that God has reflected on his prayer with the best reflection and responded to it and allowed him to come here... 
 She felt the presence of Munkir and Nakir once again... 
 She turned to them 
 and heard them say: look... this is your place in Hell... God has changed it to a place in Heaven... 
 ((A good child prays for him)) 
 copied 
 How to transfer a cassette tape onto CD 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Mr. AbuEin 
 Since the age of cassettes started, it is almost impossible to find a house free of cassettes, 
 and with the ease of the use of cassettes and their cheap price, they are now found in every house, car, office and every other place. 
 Some of these tapes are originals, professionally recorded and more expensive, some are recorded at home and such recordings may be valuable and of a special memory, or they might be a copy of songs or other things. 
 And because we are now in the digital age, this does not mean we have to erase our memories. 
 We can transfer these sound recordings, whether they are cassette tapes or 1/4 inch reels or records and change them into an MP3 digital format on digital CDs. This allows you to hear it on a computer and CD players and to email it anywhere. 
 Preparation of systems and equipment: 
 To be able to transfer tape recordings into a digital format on CD-ROMs, you first have to equip your computer with the necessary equipment and programs to be able to do this. You need a relatively new computer with a sound card. 
 To start, you have to connect the cassette player you have to the computer. This is usually done with the common lead shown in the photo here. This lead can be found in any place where electrical equipment accessories are sold and is usually cheap. 
 One end of the lead must be attached to the line-out outlet and the other end must be connected to the line-in outlet on the computer sound card. 
 Another thing is the need for a program that can record sound which comes through the sound card line-in. 
 The best and easiest program to use is MusicMatch Jukebox. This program has many useful applications, and most importantly you can get it free on the internet. 
 Download and set up the program on your computer. 
 You can visit the website to download it onto your computer. The address is http://www.musicmatch.com/ 
 or from this link. Click to download the program which is about 9 Mb. 
 So that you can use the recording in any place, as well as to have a large enough space needed by the sound on the hard CD, it's best to have a CD recording system. 
 CD recording systems can also read CDs. 
 This equipment uses two kinds of CDs and these two kinds of CDs can record sound and information related to computer programs. 
 The first CD type can be recorded on once while the other can be recorded on several times. 
 The second is better but it's several times more expensive than the first. 
 To get going: 
 Step one: 
 After setting up the MusicMatch program and attaching the stereo to the sound card using the lead mentioned before, you can start recording by following these steps: 
 Start the MusicMatch program. 
 From the menu, select Options then recorder then Source then Line-in. 
 A new window will now pop up under the first program's window. If it doesn't appear, click on REC. 
 In this window, you'll see the words Artist and Album. Click on them then change the name to the new recording name you're about to do. 
 Now click on REC in this window and start playing the cassette tape in the stereo. 
 When the recording finishes, click on Stop. 
 The recording should have ended and been placed in the program's music library. 
 You can repeat this process for any other recording. 
 Recordings are automatically saved at a speed of 128 kbps. This is more than enough for most tape recordings which need high quality. 
 Once the first recording is done, you need to test it out to check the sound level quality. 
 If the recording is muddled or too soft, you can re-check the level of the sound input from the stereo to the computer or via the Windows program itself. 
 At the bottom of the screen, you'll find an icon in the form of a megaphone on the Taskbar. Double click it and adjust the sound using Play Control or Volume Control. 
 Select Options then Properties then Recording and finally OK. You'll see a Record Control window. Select the required sound volume level. 
 Of course, make sure you don't use the Mute Button or you'll get nothing at all. 
 You can use extra recording features in this program to adjust various properties to improve sound. To do this, select Options then Settings then Recorder then Advanced. 
 In this box, select the sound effect you want such as Fades and so on to produce semi-professional MP3 recordings. 
 As you gain experience of this program and continue to make recordings, you'll become more familiar and find it easier and become quicker at turning your old analog recordings into digital recordings. 
 After you make MP3 recordings with a total length of 74 minutes at the most, you can start making a CD-ROM. 
 Step two: 
 After you select and collect enough MP3 recordings, you can make this into a list to record onto the CD-ROM in the order you want. 
 You'll find a recording list on the right-hand side of the MusicMatch Jukebox program. 
 To copy a song or musical piece onto this list, use the mouse to drag the file from the music library to this window. 
 In general, a recordable CD can hold 74 minutes of music (at present, the MusicMatch program isn't compatible with the new 80-minute recordable CD) 
 Once you've prepared the pieces of music you want to record onto disc, click the CD window and a new dialogue box will appear with several CD recording options. 
 Make sure you select Audio default as the disc type to search for. If you select the other option, you can store over 600 Megabytes on the blank CD but this type doesn't work with the usual CD players. 
 The Status bar at the bottom of the window shows how much space is left on the CD. 
 You can add or delete from the recording list by using Test then write to the CD to produce more detailed CDs. 
 You may also want to leave a second's space or more between two tracks. 
 When you're ready to copy, put the blank CD in the CD recorder and click on Create CD. 
 0.gif 
 11K  Download 
 1.gif 
 2K  Download 
 2.gif 
 14K  Download 
 3.gif 
 10K  Download 
 4.gif 
 15K  Download 
 5.gif 
 10K  Download 
 6.gif 
 25K  Download 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; I beg you in God's name to read this before deleting it! 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Mr. AbuEin 
 I beg you in God's name to please read this before deleting it! 
 Look at God's mercy on you and humble yourself before it 
 Look at God's compassion on you and learn humility and look at His kindness to you and His care for you 
 God says in the Hadith Qudsi: "I and man and jinns are far apart." 
 I create and others are worshipped 
 I provide sustenance and others are thanked 
 My goodness to mankind descends and their evil ascends 
 I treat them amicably with grace yet I do not need them 
 They become hateful to Me because of their disobedience yet they need me 
 People of remembrance, he who wants My company should remember Me 
 People who obey Me, people who love Me 
 People who sin are not to despair of My mercy. If they repent I am their beloved, if they refuse I am their healer. I scourge them with disasters to purify them of their sins. Who comes to me from afar repenting I will welcome and he who turns from me I will call him from nearby and say to him: Where are you going? 
 Do you have a god other than Me? 
 One good deed is to me worth ten good deeds or more and a bad deed to me is worth one and I also forgive. ByÂ My Glory and my Majesty, if they ask for my forgiveness, I will forgive them their sins. 
 Forward this even if it is to only one person and get the reward! 
 350933_new.jpg 
 13K  Download 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; New steals the limelight from Google 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Mr. AbuEin 
 One thousand new members every day 
 The new MySpace site is stealing the limelight from Google. 
 www.myspace.com 
 A promising new star in the world of the internet has recently begun to shine, especially after succeeding in coming up with a name that is reverberating in technology circles. 
 This newcomer has, in the course of only two years, attracted many more visitors and users than expected, bringing the number of users and visitors to two-and-a-half times the number of visitors to internet giant Google. 
 The MySpace site has proved itself to be serious and has become one of the most important internet communities. 
 The secret of this site's success is how it has made use of its predecessors' mistakes and turned them into strengths which makes it very attractive to young people, especially students and musicians after it gave them the possibility of total interaction with their friends and provided the majority of services offered by other sites in one site. 
 Some might question the secret of the site's success since it is not the only one of this kind but quite simply, why should its users need to go to another site when their friends are on MySpace, especially as users encourage their friends and urge them to join the site. 
 It is also doing better than its competitors because it is more open to customization which gives the user greater scope for adding a personal touch to his page through background color, layouts, images, videos and many other specifications. The feature that has set it apart from even its most tenacious competitor, Friendster, with registered users now at 54 million (a rate of 180,000 new members a day) compared to 24 million users on the Friendster site. 
 This new site brings in a new tool to allow you to talk to your acquaintances and friends, it has cancelled the main page, the need to download emails or an instant messenger program, the page through which the user can chat and swap emails as well as being able to listen to teachers and lessons. 
 In the midst of all this success, internet dangers hang over teenagers to cast a shadow over the site's success, especially since the number of minors registered with the site has reached a quarter of its total users. 
 Many school children all over the United States of America were arrested after they threatened their school friends over the internet. In addition, the police in one state discovered cases of illegal relations with minors who got to know men who pretended to be younger than their age on the site. This led to parents and guardians stopping their children from using the sites because of fears about dangers such as this. 
 This has not stopped the site owners from moving forward to develop it and provide international services to broaden the scope of users to bring in users from all over the world under the slogan "We'll do anything to make our users stay with us." 
 BackGrnd.gif  
3K  Download  
 ait1458.jpg 
  80K  Download
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; To those who sit in front of computers for long periods of time 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Mr. AbuEin 
 To those who sit in front of computers for long periods of time 
 1 - Drink a lot of fluids, up to two liters a day. 
 2 - Don't sit in a room full of dust and smoke. 
 3 -Don't get too close to the monitor screen (the screen must be no 
 less than 60 cm from the eyes). 
 4 - Sit in a position that doesn't tire the eyes (your head must be higher than the computer screen). 
 - Give yourself a 10 minute rest every hour and look at the window, sofa or fridge or anything else other than sharp, bright computer colors. 
 6 - Blinking a few times in an hour helps the eyelid muscles relax. 
 7 - Make sure the room has sufficient lighting. 
 8 - Don't stare for a long time without blinking (this must be done once every five seconds). 
 9 - Always make sure your screen is clean. 
 Finally, I'd like to say: The eyes are one of the body's most important organs 
 so don't be mean about caring for them and give them a chance to rest. 
 3.gif  
  49K  Download  
 This is how love  is 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Yamuslim-owner &lt;msm77777@...&gt; 
 This is how love is 
 Main: Wednesday 9 Muharram 1427 AH - February 8, 2006 CE, Islam Diary: 
 For Muslims to know the status of their Prophet Peace Be Upon Him... and for Muslims to know what real love for this great prophet is...these were the situations 
 Abu Bakr, may God be pleased with him... 
 Here are the feelings that Abu Bakr's heart puts into words that can be read, 
 Abu Bakr says, "We were making the migration and I was thirsty, very thirsty, so I brought some yoghurt drink and gave it to the Prophet (peace be upon him) and said to him," Drink, O Prophet of God"." 
 Abu Bakr said, "The Prophet (peace be upon him) drank and my thirst was quenched!!" 
 Your eyes are not lying!! 
 The word is right and intentional, this is how Abu Bakr Al-Sadiq told it... 
 Can you taste the beauty of this love? 
 It is a special kind of love!! 
 How do we compare with such love!? 
 Here it is and don't be surprised, 
 it is love, 
 love for the prophet above the self... 
 On the day Mecca was liberated, Abu Qahafa (the father of Abu Bakr) became a Muslim. He turned to Islam very late in life and was blind so Abu Bakr took him to see the Prophet (peace be upon him) so that he could declare his faith in Islam and pay homage to the Prophet (peace be upon him). 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) said, "O Abu Bakr, you should have left the sheikh in his house and we would have gone to see him". 
 Abu Bakr said, "You are the more worthy of being visited, O Prophet of God". 
 Abu Qahafa became a Muslim... and Abu Bakr Al-Sadiq began to weep. 
 They said to him," This is a joyous day, your father has become a Muslim and avoided Hell, so why then do you weep?" 
 Imagine... What did Abu Bakr say? 
 He said, "Because I would have liked the person to be paying homage to the Prophet not to be my father but rather Abu Talib, because that would please the Prophet more". Glory to God, his joy at the Prophet's joy is greater than his joy for his father. 
 Where are we compared to all this? 
 Omar (may God be pleased with him) says, "I was walking with the Prophet (peace be upon him) and with us were some of his Companions. God's prophet took my hand as we walked". 
 Omar says, "I found myself saying:,"I swear by God, O Prophet of God, I love you!" " 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) said to him, "More than your son, O Omar?" 
 I said, "Yes". 
 He said," More than your parents, O Omar?" 
 I said yes، 
 He said, "More than your money, O Omar?" 
 I said "yes". 
 He said," More than yourself, O Omar?" 
 I said, "No" [Look at his truthfulness to himself and to the Prophet (peace be upon him)]. 
 So the Prophet (peace be upon him) said, "No, O Omar, your faith will not be whole until I am more beloved to you than own self." 
 Omar says, "I went out and reflected then came back chanting: I swear by God, O Prophet of God, you are more beloved to me than myself." 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him), "Now, O Omar, now". 
 Abdullah Bin Omar said, "What did you do, my father, to come with this?" 
 Omar said, "I went out and asked myself who I needed more on Judgment day, myself or God's Prophet?" 
 I found that my need for him was greater than my need for myself, 
 and I remembered that I had strayed from the right path and God saved me through him. 
 Abdullah Bin Omar said, "O father, if you were to forget everything about God's Prophet, what is the thing you could never forget?" 
 Omar said, "If I were to forget what I have forgotten, I will never forget the day I went to him saying: Permit me to go on a pilgrimage, O Prophet of God." 
 He said to me, "Do not forget us my brother in your prayers of goodwill." 
 He said a word, what pleases me is what there is for me is life! 
 Those who only read these words will not feel them... 
 They are, I swear by God, sentiments that need a heart that loves the Prophet (peace be upon him) to receive them as they are meant... tender and soft 
 Thawban (may God be pleased with him) 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) was away and left his servant with Thawban. When he returned, Thawban said to him "I missed you, O Prophet of God" and wept. 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) said to him, "This makes you weep?" 
 Thawban said, "No, O Prophet of God, but I remembered your place in Heaven and my place, and I remembered loneliness." 
 And God Almighty's words were revealed {He who obeys God and the Prophet, these are with those God has been pleased with, of prophets and righteous people and martyrs and the pious; fair company are they}[69] Surat Al-Nissa. 
 Sawad (may God be pleased with him) 
 On the day of the Uhad Battle, Sawad Bin Izzya was standing in the ranks of the army when the Prophet (peace be upon him)said to the army, "Stand straight... stand erect." 
 The Prophet looked and saw Sawad was not being disciplined. 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) said, "Stand straight, O Sawad." 
 Sawad said," Yes, O Messenger of God But he did not stand straight." 
 We heard the trunk wail at being parted from the Prophet (peace be upon him). 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) came and with his stick tickled Sawad on the stomach. 
 Sawad said, "You hurt me, O Messenger of God, and God has sent you with the truth, so lead me!" 
 When they built the pulpit for him, he left the trunk and went to the pulpit. 
 We saw the Prophet (peace be upon him) leave the pulpit and go back to the tree and stroke it. 
 He said," Stand straight, O Sawad." 
 The Prophet (peace be upon him) was orating at his mosque, before the pulpit was built, next to a tree trunk when his Companions saw him... the Prophet (peace be upon him) stood touching the trunk. 
 What do you think of this love? 
 Lastly, do not be less than the trunk. 
 He said, "O Prophet of God, I think today is a day of martyrdom so my last wish is for my skin to touch your skin." 
 The Prophet peace be upon him says, "Are you not happy to be buried here and be with me in Heaven?" 
 The trunk became still... 
 Sawad bent eagerly to kiss the Prophet's stomach. He said, "This is what I wanted." 
 The Prophet revealed his noble stomach and said, Retaliate, O Sawad." 
 Brings words and photos together (easily) with 
 PhotoMail   - it's free and works with Yahoo! Mail. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; Hamas face to face 
 &lt;POSTER&gt; mubtasim alhaji &lt;amubtasim@...&gt; 
 Distinguished Brothers: May God's peace, mercy and blessings be upon you. 
 and more: 
 An invitation to visit the "Jerusalem Center for Documentary Studies" site to learn about and examine the latest articles of interest to those who follow the Palestinian issue and to find out about the most important news of the ballot box results, 
 including: 
 Hamas face to face 
 Why did Hamas take part in the 2006 legislative elections? 
 What is the "Hamas" Islamic Resistance Movement? 
 The Hamas victory in the eyes of others. 
 We ask God Almighty to make our work here sincere in His eyes and ask Him to assist us in serving Islam and the Muslims and to raise the name of Islam high and to help us serve the Palestinian issue, Jerusalem and the Holy Shrine as much as we can. 
 With this message, we invite you all to visit the site and join us in giving advise, views and suggestions and to record your impressions in the visitors' logbook so that the site can be developed slowly. 
 Your brother who prays that you may be granted success, Abdulrahman Al-Hajji, site moderator 
 http://www.aqsaonline.info 
 Yahoo! Autos . Looking for a sweet ride? Get pricing, reviews, more on new and used cars 
 Why is most of the Koran addressed to males? 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  Yamuslim-owner &lt;msm77777@ 
 http://www.islamtoday.net/questions/show_question_content.cfm?id=102303 
 Title: Why is most of the Koran addressed to males? 
 Answerer: Doctor Mohammed Hussein Al-Jizani, member of the teaching staff at the Islamic University, the Prophet's City 
 New category 12/01/1427 Hijra 
 Question: In the Koran, we see that in general that God addresses men, and this is also true in the Prophet's Hadith. Why is this? 
 Answer: Praise be to God and peace be upon God's prophet: 
 This question was asked by the Mother of the Believers, Umm Salma (may God be pleased with her) when she said, "I said to the Prophet (peace be upon him): Why is it that we are not mentioned in the Koran as men are?" 
 God sent down his words: "Muslim men and Muslim women, male believers and female believers... [Al-Ahzab:35]. Source Ahmed (26575) and Al-Tabari's interpretation (22/10). 
 As the Holy Koran was revealed in the language of the Arabs and in the way they addressed women, women are included when men are addressed because the masculine takes precedence over the feminine in Arabic. 
 The man says, "Come in" and "go out". In this way, he addresses all those present, both males and females. 
 In the language of the Arabs, it is not correct to say Come in (masculine) and come in (feminine), and go out (masculine) and go out (feminine). 
 It is also clear from the Sharia and its intended meanings that the obligation to abide by Sharia law concerns both men and women because all have obligations and all are addressed, all are accountable, rewardable and punishable. 
 This is the unchanging basis and general rule and it is that men and women are bound by religious laws in equal measure. 
 However, there are some rules that apply to men and not women, such as gold and silk being forbidden and the duties of Friday prayer and Jihad. 
 There are also some rules that are specific to women and not men such as wearing the Hijab and caring for children and other matters made necessary by the nature of the two genders. God alone is knowledgeable. 
 Yahoo! Mail 
 Use Photomail  to share photos without annoying attachments. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt;The Sword Drawn against He who insults the Messenger 
 &lt;POSTER&gt; mohamed khawas &lt;mmakhawas@...&gt; 
 Allah's tradition concerning someone whom Muslims are not able to take revenge against such as someone who insults the messenger or harms him http://www.dorar.net/book_view.asp?book_id=7435 
 Shiekhul Islam Ibn Taymiyya - may Allah have mercy on him - said, "it is part of Allah's tradition that Allah The Almighty will take revenge for His Messenger against anyone who has harmed Allah and His Messenger whom the believers cannot punish and this will be sufficient. 
 The story of Allah destroying those who made fun one by one is well-known. The exegetes of the Koran mentioned them. They were a number of people from among the leaders of the Quraysh; among them were Walid Ibn Mughirah, Al-Aas Bin Wa'il, Al-Aswadan Bin Al-Mutallib, Ibn Abd Yaguth and Al-Harith Bin Qais. 
 The Prophet, may Allah's peace be upon him, wrote to the Chosroe and the Byzantine Emperor and both of them did not accept Islam but the Byzantine Emperor honored the letter of the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, and he honored His Messenger. He recognized his authority and it is said that he said, "the power will remain among his offspring until the day (1)", 
 and the Chosroe tore up the letter of the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon Him, and he mocked the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon Him, so Allah killed him after a while and his reign was torn apart and the Chosroes lost their authority. Furthermore, Allah knows best. 
 In Al-Kalam Al-Sa'ir, it says, "the flesh of scholars is poisoned"; how then is the flesh of the prophets, peace be upon them? 
 In Sahih, it said about the Prophet, may Allah's peace be upon him, "Allah the Almighty says, "whoever is an enemy of a close friend of mine has entered battle against Me"; how then is it for those who are enemies of the prophets? 
 Whoever fights Allah has been fought. 
 If you read some of the stories of the prophets mentioned in the Koran, you will find that their peoples were destroyed when they harmed the prophets or did horrible things to them or said terrible things to them. This was the case of the Children of Israel; they were humiliated and earned Allah's anger. They did not have a protector when they killed the prophets unjustly bringing them into disbelief, as Allah stated in His book. 
 Perhaps, you will not find anyone who insulted any of the prophets and did not repent excepted that Allah inflicted a calamity on him. 
 We have mentioned what the Muslims experienced when trying to expedite revenge against the disbelievers who insulted the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, and we have mentioned such things through various events. This is an enormous chapter. We have not gone into depth in it here. Our intention was to state the Shariah ruling on it. 
 Similar to this is what lots of honest Muslims with understanding and experience have discussed with us about what they experienced many times in the blockade of forts and cities on the Syrian coast, when the Muslims besieged the Byzantines in our time. They said, "we used to lay siege to a fort or a city for a month or more than a month and it was not possible for us to enter until we almost gave up hope unless its people dared to insult the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, and dishonored him, it would then make it faster for us to conquer and made it easier. It would take no more than a day or two or something like that, then the place would be conquered violently and there would be a great massacre of them". They said, "we would even rejoice that the conquest would be soon if we heard them slander him with our hearts full of hate for them for what they said about him". 
 Some of our honest brothers from Morocco have told me similar stories about their situation with Christians as well. It is Allah's tradition that He punishes His enemies sometimes with punishment from Him and sometimes at the hands of His faithful servants. 
 The Almighty protected him and took away the harm and insults of people in all ways, even in their words. 
 In the Sahihain, it is narrated that Abu Huraira said, "the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, said, "do you not see how Allah has turned away the Quraysh's insults and curses? They insult objectionably and they curse objectionably and I am Muhammad", so Allah made his name honorable and saved him from harm and turned it on to the one who is objectionable, as if the insulter had intended himself. 
 What proves that insulting is a crime in addition to being disbelief and an act of war - even if it included that - is that the prophet, may Allah's peace be upon him, would forgive the hypocrites who harmed him as they came closer to the Koran and he would kill them as is mentioned in the hadith narrated by Abu Bakr and others. 
 If insulting was merely an act of apostasy, it would enjoin killing this person just as the apostate must be killed. It must be known that he may succeed in insulting the prophet, may Allah's peace be upon him, in that he can be forgiven. 
 What proves that insulting is a singular crime is that if a dhimmi insulted a Muslim or someone the Muslims have pledged to protect, he nullifies his right to protection; is insulting the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him not insulting anyone? 
 He said, may Allah have mercy on him, "purifying the earth of traces of insults against the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, is obligatory where possible, because it is one of the clear signs of the religion of Allah, the superiority of the word of Allah and of all religion belonging to Allah. Furthermore, the earth must also be purified of fornication, theft, highway robbery where possible, whereas purifying it of disbelief is not obligatory to allow the People of the Two Books to continue following their religion as dhimmis because by establishing them as dhimmis means they must adhere to the course of Allah and his Messenger's rule over them by not denying His religion or the superiority of the word. A truce is permitted to be made with a disbeliever and to protect him if he is weak or if there is a desired purpose in this. 
 The world must be purified of all crimes insofar as is possible, the punishment for the perpetrator being determined in the law unless it has a specific merit; it is obligatory to kill this person, because this crime does not have a specific merit, because it concerns the right of Allah, His Messenger and all the believers. For this reason, there is a difference between an insulter and a disbeliever, who is allowed to admit his disbelief in private and adhere to the rules of Allah and His Messenger, contrary to the view on insults. 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) This was in his time, may Allah have mercy on him. 
 The mockery of the grandchildren of the Byzantine Emperor these days of the Messenger of Allah, may Allah's peace be upon him, will herald the end of their dominion and rule by the leave of Allah. 
 Source: "The Sword Drawn" (1/84) (1/113) (1/114) (1/201) with easy behavior 
 Brings words and photos together (easily) with 
 PhotoMail   - it's free and works with Yahoo! Mail. 
 &lt;HEADLINE&gt; Invoking God's name in the WC 
 &lt;POSTER&gt;  KG &lt;ghazyk@...&gt; 
 Is a Muslim allowed to read the Koran or invoke (in the mind) God's name in his heart, without uttering it, while in the bathroom? 
 Answer: 
 Thanks be to God. 
 There are two types of invocation: Invocation through utterance, such as reading the Koran and invocations and prayers which it is desirable to do, and invocation in the heart by thinking about God Almighty and his greatness and abilities, and thinking about God Almighty's creatures and reciting the Koran in the heart. This recitation of the Koran does not carry the same merit as reading the Koran out loud which can only be done verbally. This is also true of prayers which have to be uttered verbally and cannot simply be recited in the heart. 
 Religious thinkers make a distinction between the two types of invocation and say: It is hateful to invoke God's name in the bathroom verbally to glorify him in this place. As for invoking his name in the heart, they say: This is not hateful and is acceptable. 
 The differences between the two kinds of invocation of God's name is that religious thinkers agree that one can think of the Koran in the heart but reading it and uttering it aloud are forbidden. 
 Al-Nuwawi said: They agreed that if the Koran is recited in thought without the tongue moving then the reader will not have committed the sin of forbidden reading. Al-Nuwawi's commentary on correct Muslim conduct (4/103). 
 Ibn Al-Munthir says: Aqruma said do not invoke God's name with your tongue while in the WC but only in your heart. Al-Awsat (1/341). 
 The Permanent Committee says: Muslim etiquette is for a person to invoke God's name when he wants to enter the WC or bathroom and to say before entering:" God I implore you to guard me against what is foul and obnoxious" and not to invoke God after entering but to remain silent once he has entered. Advisory Opinion of the Permanent Committee (5/93). 
 Sheikh Abdulaziz Baz says: Invocation in the heart is permissible at all times and in all places, in the bathroom and elsewhere. But what is hateful in the bathroom and thereabouts is invoking God's name verbally to glorify him, unless his name is mentioned during ablutions because this is permissible if it is not possible to perform ablutions outside the bathroom since this is a duty according to some religious thinkers and a convention among people in general. Advisory Opinion of Sheikh Ibn Baz (5/408). God alone is all-knowing. 
 KG 
 Relax. Yahoo! Mail  virus scanning  helps detect nasty viruses! 