 Roed-Larsen: Middle East a "Powder Keg with Lit Fuse" 
 Oslo 2-6 (AFP) - Terje Roed-Larsen, the former United Nations Middle East envoy, considered the situation in the region as having never been as dangerous as it is today and compared the region to a "powder keg with a lit fuse". 
 Roed-Larsen, speaking to the Norwegian NRK radio station said that "the region can now be compared in several respects to a powder keg with a lit fuse." 
 He added "I think the situation is more difficult, complicated and dangerous than it has been for a number of decades." 
 Among the existing and potential crises in the Middle East, Roed-Larsen mentioned the Arab-Israeli dispute, the Iranian nuclear portfolio and the crisis between Lebanon and Syria. 
 He said that "all this brings us back to issues of fundamental values and opinions which make the situation more likely to get out of control at any moment than it has been in the last few days." 
 Roed-Larsen did not openly mention the acts of violence that permeated demonstrations in the Muslim world in protest against the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in the European press, limiting himself to emphasizing the need for "dialogue" rather than "throwing stones and lighting fires." 
 Demonstrators set fire to the Danish and Norwegian embassy buildings in Damascus on Saturday while a building housing the Danish embassy in Beirut was set on fire in response to the publication of the caricatures in September in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten and their subsequent republication in the European media, led by the Norwegian magazine Magazinet. 
 Roed-Larsen is currently in charge of monitoring the implementation of Security Council resolution 1559 which stipulates the disarmament of militias and armed groups in Lebanon, including, in the international organization's opinion, the Lebanese Shiite Hezbollah and Palestinian groups. 
 Kofi Annan to Donate Zayed Prize to Establish Foundation for Agriculture and Educating Girls in Africa. 
 Dubai 2-7 (AFP) - The Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan said he would donate the international Zayed Prize for the Environment, which he received on Monday night in Dubai worth 500,000 dollars, to set up a foundation for agriculture and educating girls in Africa. 
 Annan said at the prize-giving ceremony that he had decided "to use the prize to set up a foundation that I will establish in Africa to work in the fields of agriculture and educating girls." 
 He said that he chose "agriculture because Africa's people need a green revolution and girls' education because there is no more effective tool for development." 
 The Zayed international prize for the Environment, launched in 1998 and named after the founder of the United Arab Emirates Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al Nahyan, is awarded once every two years to distinguished individuals in the field of environmental protection. The total value of the prizes is one million dollars. 
 In addition to Annan, the Millennium Ecosystem Assessment organization, based in Malaysia, with around 1360 environmental experts, won the scientific research prize worth 300,000 dollars. 
 Former Indonesian environment minister Emil Salim and Senator Angela Cropper, in charge of an environmental protection organization in Trinidad and Tobago, shared the prize for non-governmental organizations worth 200,000 dollars. 
 The Emirates' Deputy President, Dubai's ruler and head of government Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, met Annan on Monday. 
 Sheikh Mohammed said in an interview focusing on the Iraq issue and the Arab-Israeli conflict that it was "necessary to settle the conflicts and resolve the problems peacefully away from violence, the arms race and double standards to ensure that right prevails and to allow justice and freedom for all people", according to the Emirates news agency. 
 The Zayed International Prize for the Environment award ceremony included seminars and conferences dealing with the environment. It is hosted in Dubai and includes the ninth exceptional meeting of the United Nations Environment Program Board and the world ministerial forum on the environment. 
 Dubai also hosted the international conference on Chemical Products Disposal which ended on Monday and looked into means of limiting the dangers of chemical products globally. 
 The conference was supposed to adopt an agreement concerning this but a United Nations official told Agence France Presse that this did not happen because of problems relating to funding. 
 Belgian mayor bans Display of Artwork Depicting Saddam Hussein 
 Brussels 2-7 (AFP) - The mayor of Middelkerke in west Belgium Michel Landuyt told Agence France Presse that he decided to ban a controversial piece of art depicting the ousted Iraqi President Saddam Hussein in chains by the avant-garde Czech artist David Cerny, saying it was "shocking". 
 Landuyt, mayor of a small Belgian seaside town, justified his decision on Monday by saying that "this artwork could shock some people, not just the local inhabitants but also tourists and perhaps people of other faiths, especially Muslims." 
 However, he said the artwork had been done over a year ago and was "unrelated" to the publication of caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad in Europe, which has led to a wave of condemnation and violence in the Muslim world in the past few days. 
 The artwork entitled "Shark" shows Saddam Hussein handcuffed and suspended in a tank filled with liquid. 
 It was to be shown at the 2006 Beaufort Arts Festivals. 
 Michel Landuyt said, "In my view, (the piece) was shocking." He pointed out that Saddam Hussein is currently standing trial, with the proceedings being shown on television. 
 "Shark" was shown for the first time at the Prague 2 international exhibition, held every two years and which took place between May and September 2005. 
 David Cerny (38 years old) is famous for his provocative pieces such as "Flag on Poles" which symbolizes the migration of East Germans to the West in 1989. 
 In October 2004, Prague's municipal council backed down from erecting a memorial to the anti-Nazi resistance movement designed by him because it was regarded as being offensive to World War II veterans. 
 Hamas Formally Invites Fatah to Participate in Government. 
 Cairo 2-7 (AFP) - The leader of the parliamentary bloc of the Islamic Resistance Movement (Hamas) Ismail Haniya announced that the movement, which won the legislative elections at the end of January, will formally invite the Fatah movement led by Mahmoud Abbas to participate in the government. 
 Haniya said, after a meeting on Monday evening with the head of Egyptian Intelligence General Omar Suleiman, "We will sit down with them (Fatah movement) and formally invite them to participate in this government." 
 He added in statements reported by the official Egyptian Middle East news agency, "We are waiting for a formal response from the Fatah movement's general command." 
 A number of Fatah leaders expressed their opposition to participating in the government Hamas is expected to form but an official decision has not yet been issued with regard to this matter. 
 Haniya said, "We told Omar Suleiman that Hamas wants dialogue with all the Palestinian political parties and we discussed the international pressures and threats to cut aid to the Palestinian people." 
 He added, "We stressed that all these situations oppress the rights of our people but we have alternatives, be they Palestinian, Arab or Islamic." 
 He went on to say, "We also discussed how to galvanize the Palestinian Liberation Organization, given that the legislative elections are the first step and will be followed by a second step relating to the Palestinian diaspora." 
 A Hamas delegation began talks in Cairo relating to forming a new Palestinian government. After the movement's leadership held two meetings, it met with Suleiman this evening and will meet with him again on Tuesday. 
 Hamas leaders will also meet the secretary-general of the Arab League, Amr Moussa, for discussions. 
 Head of Israel's Internal Security Service Warns of "Jewish Terrorism" 
 Jerusalem - 2-7 (AFP) - The head of Israel's internal security service (Shin Bet), Yuval Diskin, warned of the dangers of "Jewish terrorism" in an interview with young settlers in the West Bank shown on Israeli television's Channel 2 on Monday night. 
 Diskin told students at a religious institute for semi-military training, "I'm telling you quite openly that if a Jew carries out a terrorist act, he will be considered a cancer in the state and represents a much bigger threat than Hamas", referring to the Islamic Resistance Movement. 
 Diskin made these statements around a month ago but his speech, recorded a month ago, was not shown until Monday night on Israeli "Channel 10". 
 He added, "I want to tell you that we will pursue with equal severity a Jewish terrorist who kills an Arab or an Arab who kills a Jew." However, he admitted that an Arab would "receive harsher treatment than a Jew committing the same acts." 
 He expressed his deep concern about the "fundamentalist streak" among young settlers who are being drawn into violence to express their opposition to the dismantling of settlements. 
 On another front, Diskin said that the collapse of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein's regime was, in the end, "damaging to Israel" because "chaos reigns in Iraq". 
 Tens of thousands of settlers and far-right supporters demonstrated in West Jerusalem on Sunday evening under the slogan "Olmert is bad for Israel" referring to the acting prime minister. 
 They wrote on one of the banners "Olmert is leading us into civil war" in a reference to the dismantling of nine houses built in the settlement of Amouna near Ramallah on the West Bank. 
 Clashes took place between settlers and police officers during the dismantling process and resulted in 200 wounded, most of them suffering minor injuries. 
 Annan Expresses His Concern About the "Target Killings" of Palestinians 
 New York 2-8 (AFP) The Secretary-General of the United Nations Kofi Annan expressed his concern today, Tuesday, about the wave of target killings carried out by Israel in Gaza and the West Bank and also condemned the missile attacks against the Jewish state, his spokesman said. 
 Spokesman Stephan Dujarric added that "the secretary-general notes with concern that Israel has carried out target killings in recent days in Gaza and the West Bank." 
 The spokesman added in a statement that "while recognizing Israel's right to defend its citizens", Annan stresses that "target killings" of Palestinian activists "expose innocent bystanders to great danger and are like executions without trial". 
 Annan also noted with concern the "repeat missile attacks against Israel from the Gaza Strip" and stressed the need for all sides to abide by "international humanitarian laws and desist from any actions that might lead to an escalation in violence." 
 Two Palestinian activists were killed yesterday, Tuesday, in an Israeli air raid on Gaza and the Israeli army killed an Islamic Jihad leader in Nablus on the West Bank, bringing the number of dead in these target killings to 11 since Saturday. 
 Iranian Official: Merkel "Thinks She Is Hitler" 
 Tehran 2-8 (AFP) - An official in the Revolutionary Guard, the Iranian regime's ideological army, condemned recent statements by German Chancellor Angela Merkel concerning the Iranian nuclear portfolio, deeming that "she thinks she is Hitler". 
 Commander Sayyed Massoud Al-Jazairi said in statements today, Wednesday, "In her childhood dreams, Merkel thought she was Hitler and she now thinks, as she holds the position of Chancellor, that she can impose her will on the world and on free nations." 
 The head of the Revolutionary Guard's public relations' department added, in statements made to the Iranian Students News Agency, "we cannot expect anything else from people who have a Zionist past". 
 Merkel had said on Saturday at a conference on security held in Munich that "Iran has intentionally crossed the red line" with regard to its nuclear program and should accept negotiations based on the Russian proposal. 
 Merkel called on Iran to "seize the opportunity while it is still there". She said, "We want, and it is our duty to do so, to prevent Iran from developing nuclear weapons" in a speech on German defense policy. 
 Jazairi said that "the way in which the Europeans are acting on the Iranian nuclear portfolio shows the weakness and powerlessness of countries like France, Germany and Britain." 
 He said that "European nations must ask themselves why their leaders, especially France, Britain and Germany, are behaving as though they are the servants of an American cowboy", in reference to American President George Bush. 
 Jazairi said, "I promise you that the childish jubilation of American officials and the Zionist regime following the referral of the nuclear portfolio to the Security Council will not last." 
 Hamas Rejects What Some Fatah Groups See as Exposing the Palestinian National Project to Danger 
 By Taher Al-Majthoub 
 (repeat with clarification in the fourth paragraph) 
 Ramallah (West Bank) 2-8 (AFP) - A number of circles in the Fatah movement have expressed their fears that the Palestinian national project may be exposed to danger with the Islamic resistance movement Hamas taking over the reins of the Palestinian Authority. However, the Islamic movement vehemently rejected this suggestion. 
 Adnan Al-Dhumeiri, a Fatah leader in the West Bank, told the France Presse news agency that "Hamas, as part of the worldwide Muslim Brotherhood movement, is not as concerned with questions of Palestinian statehood as it is with the issue of Islamic nationhood." 
 He said that "The other side is that the Hamas resistance movement can be compared to the Taliban and Chechen movements and this is what sets it apart from other Islamic movements in the Arab and Muslim world, but Hamas has not carried out any operations outside the borders of Palestine." 
 Al-Dhumeiri, who was a Fatah movement candidate in the recent elections but did not win, viewed the differences between Hamas and Fatah as "Fatah has an agenda that stipulates continued negotiation efforts to establish a Palestinian state in the West Bank and Gaza Strip with East Jerusalem as its capital based on the 1967 border. Fatah sees this solution as strategic while Hamas sees it as being a stage." 
 On the same note, a Palestinian official who wished to remain anonymous said that Hamas "belongs to an Islamic movement that is not as concerned with establishing a state as much as it cares about establishing an Islamic Caliphate and so its interests may coincide with those of Tehran and Damascus. It is a candidate for alliance with Hizbollah in Lebanon and Iran and with the Muslim Brotherhood in other countries in the world." 
 He added, "Even Syria may make use of it within the framework of its policy aimed at using the Palestinian and Lebanese causes as a card to pressurize Israel, especially as the Baath party also regards the statehood question as a joint one in terms of Arab nationalism." 
 In the end, if Hamas agrees to a ceasefire with Israel for a period of 10 or 15 years, it may back down on the issue of liberation and focus on imposing an Islamic agenda on society, according to him. 
 More than one Hamas official has said that the Islamic movement is preparing to set up a new Palestinian government ready to enter into a long-term ceasefire with Israel. 
 In an interview with France Presse, Hamas deputy Mahmoud Al-Ramhi strongly denied that Hamas might be endangering the Palestinian national agenda. 
 He said, "This claim is not based on truth and Israel's unilateral policy began before Hamas won, when Fatah was in power, because the Oslo Accords (1994) did not specify when the settlements would end nor the borders of the Palestinian state", and consequently the movement bears no responsibility in terms of endangering the Palestinian agenda. 
 He also added that Israel had decided, within the framework of the same unilateral policy," to withdraw from the Gaza Strip and build the separation wall before Hamas won, and even before the date the legislative elections were set and before Hamas' decision to take part in them". He stated that "Israel does not comply with any of the agreements reached and negotiation has not put an end to this. The only solution is to carry on the resistance." 
 The head of the Hamas movement's political bureau, Khalid Mashaal, announced today, Wednesday, that the movement could well comply with a "long ceasefire" with Israel in the event of it withdrawing to the 1967 borders and "recognizing the rights of" the Palestinians. 
 Al-Ramhi said, "The ceasefire with its conditions are the creation of a Palestinian state with the 1967 borders including East Jerusalem and the release of detainees". He said that "if we cannot achieve these conditions and if Israel does not release any prisoners and does not withdraw from the West Bank, then Hamas will not be bound by the Cairo agreement." 
 Ahmed Sadat, secretary-general of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine, told France Presse from prison in Jericho, "We are not afraid of any Palestinian side abandoning the Palestinian project because the battle is essentially against Israeli occupation and we have not heard about the Hamas movement abandoning any of the fundamental principles of the Palestinian cause nor of it being under any allegiance or program."." 
 He said that "the commitment to these principles and resisting occupation are common denominators" and "the resistance is linked to the existence of occupation." 
 Sadat added, "We look forward to what Hamas has to offer. What is needed from all forces in Palestinian society is a democratic vision and internal consensus as an initial step in electing members of the legislative council. The second step is in the form of our citizens abroad taking part through direct elections." 
 It should be pointed out that both the Popular Front and Hamas reject the Oslo Accords and the road map plan. 
 Bassam Al-Salihi, a deputy with the parliamentary alternative bloc (People's party, left wing) said that "it is premature to come out with general or hasty conclusions for a number of reasons, one of which is that Hamas' victory does not necessarily mean a loss of political balance." 
 He called for "a review of the results because support for Hamas in the Palestinian street is no more than half the electorate, 40%", adding that "I think the Liberation Organization's program, independence, international legitimacy and the Arab peace initiative, are backed by the majority on the Palestinian street." 
 Al-Salihi said, "It's hard for any political movement to reach agreements that do not live up to this program." 
 Al-Salihi pointed out that his bloc "is thinking about proposing a draft project to the Legislative Council or the Central Committee declaring the 1967 border as the border for the Palestinian state with Jerusalem as its capital and calling for the world to recognize this [...] because the issue of borders is not a matter for negotiation but a matter of dispute." 
 Al-Salihi stated that "we believe that the priority is to rebuild the Palestinian democratic movement on clearer bases in the political and social context and that the foundation must be the independence pact because this is what defines a social vision of the political system based on a secular system." 
 Suzuki to Shortly Announce its Future in the World Rally Championship 
 Tokyo 2-8 (AFP) - Japanese company Suzuki has said that it will shortly announce its plans to take part in the World Rally Championship without disclosing details about the matter. 
 David Farquhar, press director and head of the Japanese company's public relations division, said that the announcement would be made on the fringes of the Geneva car exhibition at the end of this month. 
 Many World Rally Championship circles have said that Suzuki might join the list of official manufacturers as of next year. It currently takes part in the Junior WRC with a Swift S 1600 and won the Swedish Rally, the first stage in this class and second stage in the WRC championship with its Swedish driver Pier-Gunnar Andersson. 
 Suzuki has taken part in many rallies outside these classes, in preparation for formally joining the adult class in the world championship. These expectations were reinforced by its announcement today that it is to make a decision on this matter on the 28th of this month (2 o'clock Geneva time). 
 If it decides to take part, this will constitute strong backing for the championship, especially since two French companies Citroen - world champion for the past three years - and Peugeot, Japanese Mitsubishi, Czech Skoda and Korean Hyundai have backed out of formal participation. 
 Citroen will return to the world championship next year with a new car, the C4, in place of the Xsara, although it offers semi-official support for the Belgian company Kronos Racing (Citroen Xsara) and its driver, Frenchman Sebastien Loeb, world champion for the last two years, and his Spanish colleague Xavier Pons. It also backs fellow citizen Daniel Sordo, champion of the Junior WRC champion last year and who is following in Loeb's footsteps who was crowned champion in this class before moving onto the adult class. 
 The number of official manufacturers in the championship will rise to four in the event of Suzuki joining and Citroen returning next year, alongside Subaru and Ford which won the first two stages of the championship this year with its new driver, Finnish Marcus Gronholm. Other participants in the Special Events include the Finn Tony Gardemeister (Astra Racing - Peugeot 307)who was absent from the Swedish rally after winning third place in Monaco, Frenchman Gilles Panizzi (Red Bull - Skoda) and the Italian Gigi Galli who is taking part privately (Mitsubishi Lancer W 2005). 
 Israeli Minister Views Putin's Invitation to Hamas as "Stab in the Back" 
 Jerusalem 2-10 (AFP) - The Israeli Education Minister Meir Sheetrit said today, Friday, that the Russian President Vladimir Putin's invitation to the Hamas leadership to visit Moscow was "a stab in the back" to Israel. 
 The minister said in a statement on Israeli radio that "this initiative is a stab in the back [...] because it is aimed at giving international legitimacy to a terrorist group and we have to oppose it with all means." 
 The minister went on to say, "What would Moscow say if we were to invite Chechen representatives to visit Jerusalem?" 
 Sheetrit added, "Russia who is preventing free elections in Chechnya cannot give us moral lessons on Hamas' legitimacy after the elections." 
 For his part, the Housing Minister Zeev Boim said in a press statement that "Putin is playing with fire" and saw Russia's position as "extremely worrying". 
 A high-level Israeli official yesterday, Thursday, expressed Israel's extreme anger at the recent Russian move and said that that "when Chechens carry out an attack on Moscow, Russia regards it as a terrorist act but it's a different matter when it happens in Jerusalem", in reference to the dozens of suicide attacks carried out by Hamas over the past 10 years. 
 Putin announced on Thursday in Madrid that he would invite Hamas officials to Moscow "soon" for talks on the future of the peace process between Israel and the Palestinians. 
 Putin, whose country does not classify Hamas as a "terrorist organization", recently said that the European Union had made "a big mistake" when it decided to suspend financial aid to the Palestinians. 
 The Russian president emphasized that Hamas came to power following democratic elections and that "the choice of the Palestinian people has to be respected". 
 Al-Atri Government Reshuffle and Al-Shara Vice President for Foreign Affairs 
 By Naseeb Aazar 
 Damascus - 2-11 (AFP) - Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad issued three presidential decrees today, Saturday, making ministerial changes in which 14 new ministers are to join the government. Changes to posts relating to foreign affairs have been especially made to coincide with the foreign pressure campaign that has been exerted on Syria over the past year. 
 According to the first decree, Farouq Al-Shara has been appointed "Vice President for Foreign and Media Affairs". 
 The second decree concerned a reshuffle in Mohammed Naji Al-Atri's cabinet in which 14 new ministers were brought in to the government in sensitive positions such as the foreign, interior and information ministries, and in which Walid Al-Mualim has been appointed Foreign Minister after holding the post of deputy to Foreign Minister Farouq Al-Shara. 
 The third decree ordered the appointment of the Syrian representative to the United Nations Faisal Al-Miqdad as a deputy to Foreign Minister Al-Mualim. 
 The government reshuffle did not affect the premiership which remains under the leadership of Mohammed Naji Al-Atri while General Bassam Abdulmajid was appointed Interior Minister in place of Ghazi Kanaan who committed suicide on October 12th. 
 General Abdulhameed has been a commander of the Military Police in Syria since 2002 and head of intelligence for southern Syria prior to that. He was born in Kuneitra in 1950. 
 Mahdi Dakhlallah was removed from the Ministry of Information and replaced by Mohsen Bilal, formerly Syria's ambassador to Spain for many years and a lecturer at Damascus University. 
 Sufian Alaw was appointed Minister of Oil and Mineral Resources in place of Ibrahim Haddad and Ghiath Barakat Minister of Higher Education in place of Hani Murtadha. 
 Defense Minister Hassan Torkmani kept his post, as did Immigration Minister Buthaina Shaban, Finance Minister Mohammed Al-Hussein and Commerce and Trade Minister Amer Husni Lutfi. 
 Joseph Swayid was appointed State Minister, the first member of the Syrian Social National Party to be appointed minister since the party joined the national front in 2005. 
 The Baath Party took the lion's share in government, taking 19 ministries including the premiership with the appointment of seven ministers from seven parties represented by the National Progressive Front, in addition to seven ministers from the independents. 
 The National Progressive Front is a grouping of 10 parties led by the Baath party. 
 It is customary for each of the National Progressive Front's nine parties with the exception of the Baath Party to be represented in government. However, the current ministerial reshuffle has removed the representation of two parties, the Arab Socialist Union led by Safwan Qudsi and the Arab Socialist Unionist Movement led by Ghassan Abdulaziz Othman. 
 Other Front parties were represented by six ministers while the Communist Party took the Irrigation Ministry with Yusuf Faisal. 
 This ministerial reshuffle did not come as a surprise as there has been talk of it since the suicide of Interior Minister Ghazi Kanaan which left the post empty after his death on October 12th. 
 These ministerial changes coincide with the international pressure campaign exerted on Syria since the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafiq Hariri. Two reports by the international investigation committee implicated the Lebanese and Syrian security services in the assassination. 
 The United States also accuses Syria of allowing Arab fighters into Iraq via Syrian territory. 
 Yemen's President Reshuffles Cabinet Following the Escape of 23 Al-Qaida Members 
 By Hammoud Munsir 
 Sanaa 11-2 (AFP) - Yemen's President Ali Abdullah Saleh reshuffled his cabinet today, Saturday, according to the Yemeni news agency SABA, following the escape of 23 suspected Al-Qaida members from a Yemeni prison last week. 
 The Yemeni president decided to keep Prime Minister Abdulqadir Bajammal as head of government and dismissed Defense Minister Abdullah Ali Elewa and 15 other ministers. 
 The Yemeni president dismissed the two deputy prime ministers, Alawi Al-Salami and Ahmed Sufan who held the posts of Finance Minister and Planning Minister respectively. 
 The Interior Minister Rashad Al-Alimi held his post as well as becoming the sole deputy prime minister. 
 Brigadier General Mohammed Nasser Ahmed Ali was appointed Defense Minister. 
 The outgoing government was formed in May 2003 after the ruling People's Congress party won the legislative elections. 
 The ministerial reshuffle comes after criticism of the Yemeni government, especially from the United States, following the escape of 23 suspected members of the Al-Qaida organization from a Yemeni intelligence prison in Sanaa last Saturday. 
 The escaped prisoners include 13 prisoners sentenced for the bombing of the American destroyer Cole and French oil tanker Limburg, the most prominent escapee being Jamal Al-Badawi who was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment for the bombing of the American destroyer in which 17 American soldiers were killed. 
 The Yemeni authorities launched a campaign to capture the escaped prisoners and arrested around 95 of their relatives in an attempt to force them to give themselves up. 
 The prisoners escaped through a 44-meter tunnel running between their prison cells and a nearby mosque. The tunnel was no more than 70 centimeters wide. 
 Warships belonging to the coalition led by the United States which patrol the regional waters off the coast of Yemen took part in the search operation for the 23 escaped prisoners while international police Interpol launched an international warning about their escape. 
 Yemen is the country from which Osama Bin Laden's family is descended, the leader of the Al-Qaida organization who claimed responsibility for the attack. 
 Since the September 11 2001 attacks on the United States, Yemen has worked with Washington to clamp down on those suspected supporters of the Al-Qaida organization in Yemen. 
 Today, Saturday, a Yemeni court turned down an appeal by three prisoners who are members of the Al-Qaida organization, one of whom was among the escaped prisoners who was found guilty of planning attacks on western targets in Gulf states. 
 Sarkozy in Morocco to Hold Talks on Fighting Immigration and Terrorism 
 Marrakesh (Morocco) 11-2 (AFP) - Moroccan Interior Minister Mustapha Sahel held talks today, Saturday, in Marrakesh with his French counterpart Nicolas Sarkozy on "fighting illegal immigration and terrorism", according to an official Moroccan source. 
 A joint statement made after the meeting, reported by the Moroccan news agency, said that the "talks dealt with matters related to strengthening cooperation between the two ministries, especially in the area of fighting all cross-border criminal activities which pose common challenges for both sides." 
 It added that "with regard to this, the two ministers praised the tangible and distinct results and the important steps made in the areas of fighting clandestine immigration and drug smuggling." 
 It said that the two countries' interior ministers had "decided to approve a cooperation program along new lines in the areas of police technology and science" and said that "a Moroccan police delegation would visit France next month to put the final touches to the cooperation agreement in this area." 
 The agency said that during the meeting, Sarkozy offered "clarifications about the draft law on immigration, especially measures aimed at rationalizing family groupings and immigration for the purpose of studying in France." 
 In addition to this, the statement said that the two ministers would "send a joint letter to their counterparts at the conference of interior ministers' of the North African-Mediterranean Basin countries to invite them to attend the forthcoming annual meeting to be held in May 2006 in the French city of Nice." 
 The conference of the North African-Mediterranean Basin countries includes Spain, Italy, France, Portugal, Malta, Algeria, Libya, Morocco, Tunisia and Mauritania. 
 The two ministers said they would "propose to their Spanish counterpart  (Jose Antonio Alonso) the holding of a tripartite meeting in the very near future on fighting drug smuggling." 
 The statement said that "talks were held in an atmosphere of mutual confidence and friendship reflecting the closeness of existing relations between the two countries in general and between the two interior ministries in particular." 
 The Moroccan news agency reported Sarkozy describing the talks in Marrakesh as "significant" and cooperation between the two interior ministries as "extremely close". 
 The French minister arrived in Marrakesh on Friday night on a two-day visit, the purpose of which was not announced. 
 Sarkozy's visit to Morocco comes four days after the visit by the head of the American Federal Bureau of Investigation(FBI), Robert S. Muller, to Morocco and the Unite States handing over of three Moroccan prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay to Morocco. 
 At Least Five People Killed in Suicide Attack Outside Bank in Southeast Baghdad 
 Baghdad 2-13 (AFP) - A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry confirmed today, Monday, that at least five Iraqi civilians were killed and 32 others wounded in a suicide attack with an explosive belt on a group of citizens outside a bank in southeast Baghdad. 
 The source who wished to remain anonymous said that "at least five civilians were killed 
 and 23 others wounded when a suicide bomber wearing an explosive belt blew himself up among a group of citizens outside the Investment Bank in the New Baghdad area" in southeast Baghdad. 
 He added that the attack "took place at 9 o'clock local time (6 AM GMT)" and said that "the citizens were waiting to cash cheques given out by the government [...] for the shortage in monthly food rations." 
 A medical source at Al-Kindi Hospital said that he received "the bodies of five victims." 
 The same hospital source mentioned that 30 wounded had been admitted while a medical source at Ibn Al-Nafis Hospital said "five wounded" had been sent to him. 
 Head of Samarra General Hospital Denies Existence of Suspected Bird Flu Cases 
 Samarra (Iraq) 13-2 (AFP) - The head of Samarra General Hospital, Doctor Ahmed Jafar, denied today, Monday, the existence of any suspected cases of bird flu in the town which lies 120 km north of Baghdad. 
 In a statement to the France Presse news agency, Jafar "categorically denied" any suspected cases of the disease and said that the "area is so far free of any cases and even of any suspected cases of the disease." 
 He added that "our area is a highly likely candidate for cases as it lies between villages and the countryside and because there are many poultry farms here but we as a hospital have not yet registered any cases at all." 
 A source at the Samarra General Hospital had said yesterday, Sunday, that the hospital "sent four men to Baghdad with symptoms of severe flu". 
 The head of Samarra Hospital said that "this has absolutely no basis in truth." 
 The first cases of death from bird flu were recorded in Iraqi Kurdistan where two people died as a result of bird flu in Suleimaniya Hospital (330 km north of Baghdad). 
 One person died in Ammara (265 km south of Baghdad) of bird flu symptoms but the laboratory results of blood tests from bird breeder Muhanad Radhi (30 years-old) have not yet appeared. 
 Ten Churches Burned Down in 10 Days in the American State of Alabama 
 Birmingham (United States) 2-13 (AFP) - Ten churches were burned down in 10 days in the state of Alabama in the southern United States. Police suspect two men without knowing the motives for these acts which were reminiscent of racist acts in the past.. 
 The most recent criminal act today, Saturday, was the burning of the Beaverton Freewill Baptist Church 145 km northwest of the town of Birmingham. 
 The authorities quickly announced a link between previous acts of arson and this incident, the tenth of its kind. 
 There were no victims in these incidents but they did cause massive damage. 
 The series of incidents began with the burning of five churches in Bibb County on February 3rd. 
 Four days later, four more churches in three other neighboring counties to the west of Alabama were burned down. 
 Police, who have many leads, are looking for two white persons, in their 20s or 30s with a blue car seen near the churches. 
 The police announced a reward of 20,000 dollars for assistance in the arrest of the culprits. 
 At present, investigators can only guess the motives of the perpetrators of these acts and believe the perpetrators are trying to attract media attention. 
 In the 1950s and 1960s, many churches frequented by blacks were targeted in the state of Alabama. 
 The wave of churches frequented mainly by blacks being burned down began in 1995 and 1996 when over 30 religious establishments were set fire to in Tennessee, Louisiana, Alabama and South Carolina. 
 Saddam Hussein's Trial Resumes in his Presence 
 By Ammar Karim 
 (with photo) 
 Baghdad 2-13 (AFP) - Former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and his seven colleagues caused chaos today, Monday, during their 11th trial hearing, insulting and interrupting the judge whom they accused of forcing them to attend court in spite of the absence of their defense counsel. 
 Saddam Hussein entered the courtroom wearing a blue robe and black jacket. As he entered, he repeated the words "Down with traitors, down with traitors, down with Bush, long live the nation, long live the nation, long live the nation." 
 The former president told the judge he had been forced to enter the courtroom. 
 This was followed by a chaotic situation in which the defendants objected to having to attend court by force. Barzan Ibrahim Al-Tikriti, Saddam Hussein's half-brother, shouted at Judge Raouf Rasheed Abdulrahman, "You have no mercy and your name in no way describes you. You are neither a praiseworthy Mahmoud nor a compassionate Raouf. You are a military ruler and not a judge. We do not want to sit in this place." 
 He added, "I can't continue with this session without my lawyer." 
 He went on to say that he was suffering from "an incurable disease and I've had medical tests by the Americans at the American military base. You have to let me go so that I can have treatment because the law states that a defendant with an incurable disease must be released. I am dying slowly, you are killing me." 
 When the judge informed him that the court had agreed to his being examined by a medical panel, he said, "If you fear God, release me so that I can have treatment with my family to support me. I will sign any undertaking to pledge that I will attend the hearings. I have honor and want to defend my honor." 
 He went on to say, "But if you think the Baath Party needs me, I want to tell you that the Baath Party is working perfectly well and doesn't need me or anyone else and its secretary-general (pointing to Saddam Hussein) has been in prison for two years so release me so I can have treatment." 
 The judge replied, "You have talked a lot and used up a lot of the court's time." Barzan interrupted him saying "I have the right to talk until tomorrow." 
 After that, Barzan Al-Tikriti noticed that the judge was ignoring his pleas for release. He got up from his chair and sat on the floor, turning his back on the judge and ignoring the court hearing. 
 ٍSaddam, who appeared to be angry and carried a Koran in his hands, swore at the judge for forcing him to attend the hearing. He said, "This is the practice of agents, God is great and may the despicable be driven away, God curse your mustache." 
 He added, "This is not a court, this is a game." 
 Saddam told the judge, "You have no right to appoint lawyers for us instead of our lawyers, with all due respect to them because they agreed to defend us, and with respect to every Iraqi." 
 The judge stated that "the court appointed lawyers to replace the defense team in accordance with Iraqi law after the defense layers boycotted the hearings." Saddam answered him saying "they did not boycott the hearings, it is you who threw them out and some of them were beaten up in front of you." 
 Judge Abdulrahman replied, "I will not allow you to talk about political matters." 
 Saddam interrupted him saying "You are ignorant. What politics? You are working in a biased way and in breach of the law." 
 He then heard the testimonies of various witnesses who talked about what they endured at the hands of the security services after being arrested in 1982. 
 Saddam Hussein made an objection. He said to the presiding judge, "When witnesses talk about politics, this is allowed, but when Saddam Hussein and his colleagues talk about political matters, this is prohibited." 
 Saddam Hussein, his former aides and the defense counsel boycotted the court's 10th hearing and withdrew from the previous hearing following an altercation  with the new judge who took over presidency of the Special Court, Raouf Rasheed Abdulrahman. 
 Lawyer Khalil Al-Dulaimi, head of Saddam Hussein's defense team, had told France Presse news agency in a telephone call on Sunday that "in my capacity as head of the defense team, I can confirm that none of the defense team nor the defendants will attend today's court hearing." 
 Jafar Al-Mosawi, the court's public prosecutor, stated that "the court will hold a meeting prior to the court hearing to look into the possibility of forcibly making the defendants appear or leaving them be if they insist on not attending." 
 He considered that "if the court reaches a decision, then this has to be implemented regardless of what that decision is." 
 Saddam Hussein and his aides have been on trial since last October for the killing of 148 people in the Shiite village of Dujail in retaliation against an attack on the former Iraqi president's escort during his visit to the village in 1982. 
 By Sam Dagger 
 Jeddah (Saudi Arabia) 2-13 (AFP) - The European Union's High Representative for Foreign Policy, Javier Solana, carried a message of "respect" to the Muslim world while the secretary-general of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Ekmeleddin Ihsanoglu called on the Europeans to adopt legislation to combat "anti-Islamism". 
 The meeting between the two men took place at the headquarters of the Organization of the Islamic Conference in Jeddah on the Red Sea amidst the crisis arising from the publication of cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed, which many consider offensive to Muslims, in European newspapers. 
 Solana said after the meeting, "With regard to the European Union, we have profound respect for Muslims [...] we would never want to hurt their feelings" and said that "this was never our intention and will never be our intention." 
 He said that he had informed Ihsanoglu of this message by telephone but that he also wanted to deliver it personally. 
 For his part, Ihsanoglu stressed the need for Europeans to adopt legislation through the European Parliament to combat anti-Islamism. 
 Oglu said, "Unfortunately, what is happening now [...] is that since 9/11, the Muslim world has started to feel a new upsurge against it" in reference to the attacks against the United States in 2001. 
 Ihsanoglu called for basic principles to be outlined requiring respect of all religions and a ban on slander in a foundation statement by the new human rights council that it is currently being created. 
 Solana avoided directly answering the issue of legislation of this sort. However, he said that he saw "no problem in approving a clause to this effect if this comes within the framework of the human rights council that is currently being created." 
 This council will replace the current Commission which has its headquarters in Geneva. It lost a great deal of respect and credibility when it became apparent that its working procedures allow countries that do not respect human rights to be among its ranks. 
 Solana had announced on Wednesday that he would visit "several countries" in the region, including Saudi Arabia, to assuage anger in the Muslim world following the publication of these cartoons. 
 According to the visit schedule, Solana will head for Riyadh after this meeting where he will meet the Saudi Foreign Minister, Prince Saud Al-Faisal and King Abdullah Bin Abdulaziz. 
 After Saudi Arabia, Solana will head for Egypt to meet President Hosni Mubarak and the secretary-general of the Arab League Amr Moussa, then Jordan and will end his trip in the Palestinian Territories and Israel. 
 The secretary-general of the Arab League Amr Moussa, in a speech to the Jeddah Economic Forum on Sunday, called for the "evil spark" caused by the publication of the offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed to be extinguished and rejected a return to the Crusades. 
 Moussa said, "It is not appropriate to have a conflict between east and west in this age. Let us Muslims, we who care about good relations, shake hands with our brothers in Europe and America who share our view, and they are many, and we will extinguish this evil spark." 
 He added, "Let us put this matter behind us and work together, we and them, to prevent this happening again." 
 The offensive drawings of the Prophet Mohammed were first published in a Danish newspaper in September before being published in several other European newspapers in the name of freedom of expression. 
 The region saw Danish goods being boycotted and violent protests in the Arab and Muslim world which resulted in many people being killed and wounded. 
 Saudi Arabia, Libya and Syria recalled their ambassadors from Denmark. 
 Denmark pulled out its ambassadors from Syria, Iran and Indonesia, fearing for their safety. 
 Officer in Charge of Training Iraqi Police Force Killed in Baghdad 
 (in addition to the wounding of two police cadets and the discovery of four bodies in Baghdad) 
 Baghdad 2-14 (AFP) - Iraqi Security sources announced today, Tuesday, that an officer with the rank of colonel who was in charge of training the Baghdad Police Force was killed in the early hours of Tuesday by a bullet fired by gunmen in the Dora area, south of the Iraqi capital. 
 A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry, who wished to remain anonymous, said that "unknown gunmen assassinated Colonel Mahdi Mutlek, head of training for the Baghdad Police Force, late on Monday night." 
 He said that "the incident took place in the Dora area (south) as Colonel Mutlek was in one of the streets in the area he lived in. Gunmen opened fire then fled." 
 The same source said that "two police cadets were wounded today, Tuesday, when two explosive charges exploded when their patrol passed through the Dora area." 
 He said that "the first charge hit the car they were in while the second charge only caused material damage", without giving further details. 
 Elsewhere, a source at the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said that the "Iraqi security forces found four unidentified bodies in various parts of Baghdad." 
 He said that "the two bodies were found on the outskirts of the Shaala area (north), a third body was found in the Kasra and Attash area (east) while the fourth was found in the Shaab area (northeast)" and stated that "all the bodies were of unidentified men shot at close range." 
 Dubai Ports World's Takeover of British P&amp;O for Around Seven Billion Dollars 
 Dubai 2-14 (AFP) - It was announced in Dubai today, Tuesday, that shareholders in the British ports and ferries company P&amp;O voted on Monday in London in favor of a takeover offer by Dubai Ports World of around seven billion dollars. 
 Al-Bayan newspaper in Dubai reported John Parker, P&amp;O chairman, as saying 99.5% of shareholders voted in favor of the offer in their general session on Monday. 
 It said that "this deal ends 165 years of British ownership of P&amp;O" and  that this makes Dubai Ports World the third biggest international group for port and container management and operations. 
 Sultan Bin Salim, the executive head of Dubai Ports World said that "all ports and container terminals held by P&amp;O will be operated under the umbrella of Dubai Ports World as soon as Dubai Ports World take over in early March, after which there will be a merger." 
 This deal saw sharp competition between the Emirates company and Singapore BSA lasting two and a half months until the Singaporean company announced recently that it was withdrawing from the bid. 
 The final contract is expected to be signed next March 2nd. 
 This means Dubai Ports World will operate 51 ports in 30 countries in place of the current 22 ports, raising its capacity to 50 million containers versus 20 million at present. 
 The new ports which will be operated by Dubai Ports World include six major ports in the United States of America located in New York, New Jersey, Baltimore, New Orleans, Miami and Philadelphia. 
 Saddam Hussein Trial Resumes in his Presence 
 (with photo) 
 Baghdad 2-14 (AFP) - The hearing of the trial of former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein and seven aides began today, Tuesday, in the presence of Saddam Hussein, in the case of the killing of 148 villagers from the Shiite village of Dujail in the eighties, according to a France Presse news agency correspondent. 
 As Saddam Hussein entered the courtroom, he chanted "God is great, long live the Arab nation" while Barzan Al-Tikriti, Saddam Hussein's half-brother said "I would sacrifice my  mother and father to you, O Baath Party". 
 Saddam Hussein was wearing the long blue robe and black jacket he was wearing yesterday. 
 The hearing began around 12:00 (09:00 GMT) and is the twelfth one. 
 The court is supposed to hear from several witnesses, among them Hamid Yusuf Hamadi, the ousted president's former private secretary who also worked as a Minister of Culture and Information. 
 Former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his aides caused chaos during the Monday hearing in their eleventh hearing which lasted about three hours when they swore at and interrupted the judge whom they accused of making them attend against their will, in the absence of their defense council. 
 Saddam and seven aides have been on trial since last October for the killing of 148 people from the Shiite village of Dujail in retaliation against a failed attack on his escort in 1982. 
 Mofaz Accuses Hizbollah of Attempting to Ignite Israel's Northern Front 
 Cairo 2-14 (AFP) - Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz accused the Shiite Lebanese party Hizbollah of attempting to ignite Israel's northern front with the "support of Syria and Iran." 
 Mofaz told journalists at the end of a meeting with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak in Cairo that "Hizbollah is using Lebanese territory as a base for its terrorist activities against Israel." 
 He added, "We know that Syria and Iran are supporting Hizbollah and their aim is to deflect the international community's attention away from Syria to the Lebanese-Israeli border." 
 He said Syria was under American and Western pressure because "it supports and funds terrorism." 
 He said that he had informed Mubarak of the recent operation carried out by Hizbollah along the border and that "they try to kidnap Israeli soldiers". 
 The Israeli minister said that "Hizbollah's aim, backed by Syria and Iran, is to open a second front against Israel." 
 Hizbollah carried out an attack on February 3rd in the disputed Shaba Farms area on the border between Lebanon, Syria and Israel after a Lebanese shepherd was shot by the Israelis. The Israeli army retaliated and this led to an escalation of tensions along the border. 
 Iran Confirms that it has Resumed its Uranium Enrichment Operations (summary) 
 By Siyavush Ghazi 
 Tehran 2-14 (AFP) - Today, Tuesday, Tehran confirmed that it has resumed its uranium enrichment operations at the Natnaz plant and refused to put on hold its "research" in this area while western countries have stipulated that this process must stop before negotiations with Tehran can be resumed on the issue of Tehran's nuclear program. 
 Javad Waidi, member of the Supreme Council for National Security and in charge of the nuclear dossier, announced that "work has started" at the uranium enrichment plant in Natnaz (center). 
 On Monday, Tehran announced the removal of the seals and monitoring cameras belonging to the International Atomic Energy Commission from the Natnaz plant. 
 Diplomatic sources in Vienna, the headquarters of the International Atomic Energy Commission, announced that Iran had resumed the enrichment program at that plant. 
 However, Waidi declined to comment on statements saying that the Iranians had begun enrichment work by adding uranium hexafluoride gas into the centrifuge system. 
 He told journalists, after a speech to a Tehran Muslim students' association, "I cannot give you an answer about these technical matters." 
 Resumption of the enrichment process itself led to talks with the Europeans being cut off last August, then in January after they were resumed in December. 
 These countries took a decision on 4th February at the International Atomic Energy Commission to ask Iran to suspend all sensitive activities and informed the Security Council of the Iranian dossier. 
 However, instead of complying, Tehran responded by announcing the end of reinforced monitoring of its nuclear program set up by the International Atomic Energy Commission and the resumption of all activities, especially those connected with enrichment on a large scale. 
 The Natnaz plant includes two enrichment units, one of which focuses on research while the second is an industrial-scale installation under construction. 
 With regard to this unit, Waidi said that Iran "needs time to complete its industrial capacity with about 60,000 centrifuges (to enrich uranium) but we have started our activities". He said that his country saw "no reason at the present time to make further comments" about its activities at this site. 
 Waidi justified the series of unilateral initiatives by his country saying that "the Europeans, after starting with good intentions over the past three years, are now asking us to completely abandon the nuclear power series". 
 The Europeans reject Iran enriching uranium on its territory because they regard this country as not having proved that its nuclear program is for civilian purposes. 
 The enrichment process is fundamental to obtaining nuclear power but can also be used to make nuclear weapons. 
 The International Atomic Energy Commission is expected to hold another meeting on March 6th to look into whether Iran has complied with its requirements and will probably decide to refer the file to the Security Council. 
 In the meantime, an Iranian delegation is visiting Moscow on February 20th according to Waidi to examine a Russian proposal to enrich Iranian uranium on its territory. 
 However, this proposal is dependent on the position of the Iranians who are carrying out the enrichment process on their territory which is what western countries object to. 
 German Muslim Institute Invites Ahmadinejad to Visit Auschwitz 
 (return to Qatar) 
 Berlin 14-2 (AFP) - A German Muslim institute criticized the Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Monday night for his statements about the Jewish holocaust during World War II and called on the Iranian president to visit Auschwitz for himself "if he is brave enough to. " 
 A spokesman for the Islam-Archiv-Deutschland Institute told the German Catholic news agency KNA that "in this terrible place, he can deny the Jewish holocaust again if he is brave enough to." 
 The spokesman added that by denying the holocaust, Ahmadinejad not only does damage to the memory of Jews who were victims of the holocaust but also insults the memory of the 200,000 gypsies and Arabs who were killed in the "Gypsy Camp" in Auschwitz-Birkenau and other detention camps. 
 He went on to say that the president of a Muslim country adopting a Nazi anti-Semitic stance was "a disgrace to Muslims the world over." 
 The Islam-Archiv-Deutschland Institute, founded in 1927, is the oldest Muslim society in Germany. 
 It aims to protect the archives of the Muslim community since the 18th century and promotes dialogue between Germany's Muslims and other religious groups. 
 Palestinian Liberation Organization: Expansion of Settlements Wrecks Opportunities to Achieve Peace in the Region 
 By Nasser Abu Bakr 
 Ramallah (West Bank) 15-2 (AFP) - The Executive Committee of the Palestinian Liberation Organization today, Wednesday, regarded the expansion of Israeli settlements as wrecking opportunities to achieve peace in the region and reiterated its full commitment to all agreements signed with the Israeli government under international patronage. 
 A statement by the Executive Committee at the close of a meeting today at the headquarters in Ramallah, presided over by the Palestinian Authority president Mahmoud Abbas, a copy of which was sent to Agency France Press, said that "the Executive Committee is reflecting on the attack targeted at the Al-Aghwar area in an Israeli attempt to isolate this area from the rest of the Palestinian Territories on the West Bank under blatant security and expansionist pretexts." 
 It stated its "outright rejection of these settlement plans which are tearing up our Palestinian land into isolated cantons to stop our people from establishing an independent state." 
 The statement went on to say that "the Executive Committee has turned to the quadripartite committee that created the road map to inform it of our position on this creeping settlement on our land and the need for it to play its role in the peace process and the two-state (establishment) solution." 
 It went on to say that "the continued settlement of Holy Jerusalem, the racist separation wall and isolation of the Al-Aghwar area in an attempt to make it Jewish, as well as the crimes of assassination, violations and detentions only wreck any chance of establishing a just and permanent peace in the Middle East." 
 It added, "It has been decided to hold a meeting of the Supreme Council under Saleem Al-Zanoun(Abu Al-Adib), president of Ramallah's national council, this week to discuss current preparations for convening the Central Palestinian Council and to approve plans and decisions prepared by the Supreme Council to activate the organization, the executive committee and specific departments." 
 The statement said the committee "discussed the forthcoming meeting of the Palestinian Legislative Council to be held on Saturday" and declared a "total commitment to all national principles approved by successive Palestinian national councils, as well as commitment to the Palestinian Liberation Organization's political program and the 1988 declaration of independence." 
 It confirmed "its total commitment to all political agreements signed with the government of Israel under international patronage as well as abiding by international legal resolutions relating to the Palestinian issue, especially resolution 194 concerning the right of return of Palestinian refugees and the decisions of the Arab summit in Beirut." 
 The statement said that "all Palestinian bodies must play their political and national roles, at the forefront of which are the legislative and executive bodies, in order to ensure our national interests and international recognition of the Organization, the Authority and the higher interests of our people." 
 Salih Rafaat, member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization's Executive Committee, told the France Presse news agency in a statement that "the Committee has decided to start a wide scale diplomatic campaign on the Arab and international front, including the Security Council, the quadripartite committee and signatory countries of the Geneva conventions, in order to challenge the Israeli policy aimed at concealing settlements in the Al-Aghwar area and unilaterally drawing up the border." 
 He added, "The Executive Committee confirms that members of the Legislative Council are members of the National Council. With this, the Hamas movement enters the Palestinian National Council which is considered to be the Palestinian Liberation Organization's parliament and this also qualifies it to join all the Organization's institutions which the Hamas movement was previously cautious about joining." 
 He went on to say, "The Executive Committee has discussed President Abbas' speech which he is to make at the Legislative Council's inauguration ceremony next Saturday." 
 Rafaat said that the speech "will declare commitment to the Liberation Organization's political line and will say that any president of the Palestinian government must abide by Palestinian, Arab and international law." 
 Rice Admits Mistakes Made by American Administration in Rebuilding Iraq 
 Washington 16-2 (AFP) - American Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice was forced to admit at a Congress hearing today, Thursday, several mistakes made by the American administration in rebuilding Iraq. 
 After Kent Conrad, Democrat senator for North Dakota, rained down questions on her about the results of rebuilding programs which the United States has spent in excess of 20 billion dollars on, Rice was forced to admit two mistakes made by the American administration, one relating to the training of Iraqi forces and the other to infrastructure. 
 The Secretary of State, who was giving evidence to the Senate's budget committee, said that the Iraqi security forces were now up to 227,000 men. 
 She said, "To be honest, we made a mistake in the beginning because we depended on quantity and not on quality. The people we have now are competent." 
 When she spoke about the United States "developing a considerable part of the infrastructure", especially with regard to drinking water and water  purification, Rice admitted under pressure after being questioned by the senator that the number of Iraqis supplied with drinking water and waste disposal means  was less than before the war. 
 She added, "You're right, we've focused our efforts on strengthening resources to secure these services" and not on local water supply and purification systems. 
 Conrad answered her saying "we can improve these resources and that's good but what people care about in the end is having these services." 
 Strange Laws Give England a Hilarious Side 
 By Jalal Malti 
 London 2-17 (AFP) - England has a set of old laws and traditions, some of which are strange and some of which are funny, that are still in force even if they are not applied but in any case, law students find them hilarious. 
 One of these laws is a law dating back to 1279 which stipulates that "members of parliament are not permitted to wear armor" inside parliament. This law was aimed at preventing feuds and fights ending in death between lords in a country with deep democratic roots. 
 Another strange law prohibits members of parliament from dying in Westminster Palace and should this happen, then the corpse had to be carried outside parliament before a death certificate can be issued. 
 Nigel Cawthorne, editor of a book called Strange Laws of Old England which reviews these amazing regulations forgotten by time, says that the reasoning behind this law is that Westminster Palace is a royal palace and everyone who dies in a palace has the right to a formal funeral." 
 Members of parliament are also allowed to gamble and drink alcohol freely in Westminster including inside the library while citizens would incur a fine for such behavior according to the Library Breaches law (1898). 
 In England, there are over 4000 national laws, 11,000 bylaws and 13,000 special laws passed before 1801 and which are still in force. 
 Cawthorne told Agency France Press news agency that "the legal tradition is very important" in England, saying that "things change but very slowly and (laws) come one after another." 
 The fact is that members of parliament legislated many aspects of daily life, some of them very ordinary and in the 19th century, at the height of the industrial revolution, they issued a number of laws aimed at organizing life in the suburbs. 
 This attention to detail led for example to the prohibition of washing being hung out in the street, firing a gun without a reason, lighting a fire in the garden, flying kites, ice-skating, disturbing residents by knocking on their door without a reason, lighting street lights "intentionally and illegally" and other laws that are now regarded as hilarious. 
 Some of these laws have not been implemented for a long time because of the progress made since they were issued, the funniest of which is not being allowed to ride a horse, cow or steam car in an inebriated state (1872). 
 A law dating back to 1867 also prohibits anyone "living less than a mile from an ammunition or explosives depot" from owning a pack of cards while a law issued in 1839 stipulates that anyone firing a canon near a house should be punished. 
 Kevin Martin, president of the Law Society responsible for suggesting laws that ought to be annulled, says that "these unusual examples give us an idea about the tradition of law in this country and also prove the need to renew the law and adapt to reality." 
 More than 2000 laws have been annulled since 1965 in a massive operation to update laws. 
 However, British members of parliament insist on continuing to issue strange laws such as the "outer space law" (1986) which prohibits any British citizen from "throwing a body into space" without official permission and defines space as including the "moon and the majority of celestial bodies." 
 They also deemed it wise to give judges the power to issue orders "to use a reasonable amount of force" in hitting back against a possible invasion by aliens. 
 Sunni Imam Warns Against Celebrating Valentine's Day 
 Baghdad 2-17 (AFP) - Three days after Valentine's Day, a Sunni Imam launched an attack, during his Friday sermon, on Valentine's Day and those celebrating it in Iraq, saying that it "diverts young people from virtue to sin." 
 Most Imams in Iraqi mosques focused their Friday sermons on images of prisoner abuse dating back to 2004 while others focused on poor services and the difficult security situation in the country, however Sheikh Mahmoud Al-Sumeidi, Imam of the Umm Al-Qura Mosque, focused on Valentine's Day which is celebrated throughout the world on the 14th of this month and saw it as bearing no relation to Islam. 
 He said, "International Valentine's Day happened two or three days ago, and unfortunately many of our young men and women on this day do what our enemies like, and exchanged gifts and words, even to the point of kissing. This is how our enemies want us to live, far removed from virtue." 
 Valentine's Day is a very popular day in Iraq, just as it is in other countries in the world, in which young people give their girlfriends chocolates, flowers, perfumes and other gifts. 
 Al-Sumeidi added, "Every invasion has an aim and the invasion of our country targets our young people and wants to divert them from virtue to sin." 
 The celebration of this occasion in Iraq goes back to before the American invasion in 2003. A big celebration was held on this occasion during the era of ousted president Saddam Hussein's regime and state television would show programs dedicated to the occasion. 
 The Iraqi president's son, Uday, was known to hold big parties on Valentine's Day, in the Hunting Club in the sophisticated Mansour area, which used to go on until the early hours of the morning. 
 Al-Sumeidi said that "nothing is said in Islam about Valentine's Day and Muslims must live by their religion." 
 Berlusconi Signs Political Agreement with Far Right in Italy 
 Rome 2-17 (AFP) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi today, Friday, signed a political agreement seven weeks prior to the legislative elections with the neo-Fascist Social Alternative movement led by Alessandra Mussolini, granddaughter of Italian dictator Benito Mussolini. 
 Berlusconi said in the presence of Mussolini, "We have reached an agreement on the agenda between the House of Liberties (ruling alliance) and Social Alternative", broadening his election alliance to include the far right. 
 The alliance with Social Alternative in preparation for the elections on April 19th angered the rest of Berlusconi's alliance because of the inclusion of controversial figures allied with the far-right neo-Fascist movement. 
 Berlusconi said that "our family photo album is perfect, it's pure white." 
 A solution was reached when Mussolini and her two irritating allies Roberto Fiore, leader of Forza Nuova (New Force), and Adriano Tilgher, leader of the National Social Front, decided not to personally stand as candidates on the alliance list and nominated other candidates. 
 Massimo D'Alema, leader of the Democratic left (biggest opposition party) said today that "it is a very dangerous matter indeed, to have Berlusconi sign agreements with the neo-Fascist far right." 
 Ignazio La Russa, leader of the National Alliance (conservative right wing party which sprung out of the Fascist movement), the second party in Berlusconi's alliance, said that in spite of the Social Alternative leaders withdrawing their candidacy, "the basic problem remains which is a split in basic values and the political agenda." 
 Mussolini's party is calling for the rejection of Turkey joining the European Union, the European detention brief and abortion laws. It wants the deportation of immigrants and the signing of a new agreement with the Catholic Church, and condemns "American imperialism." 
 Muslims Biggest Victims of Terrorism Committed in the Name of Islam (Belgian Study) 
 Brussels 2-17 (AFP) - A new study by Belgian researchers called "The Growth of Terrorism in 2005" reports that Muslims are the biggest victims of terrorism committed in the name of Islam and that international terrorism strikes the Middle East more often than the West. 
 On the other hand, the study showed that 90% of victims of terrorism in 2005 were killed in Iraq and Jordan. 
 This study was led by Rick Kolsat, lecturer in international relations at Ghent University in west Belgium and was published on the government's "Economy" internet site. 
 According to the study, the number of international terrorist acts fell considerably in 2005 compared to 2004, in which 266 attacks killed 443 people in 2004 versus 393 attacks killing 733 people in 2005. 
 The study regarded terrorism as not being a widespread danger since it is essentially concentrated in one region, the Middle East. 
 On the other hand, "local" terrorism perpetrated by the citizens of a country against targets in their own country increased considerably between 2004 and 2005 with the number of attacks rising by 90% and a 60% increase in the number of victims. 
 The study attributed this increase almost entirely to the situation in Iraq. 
 It also said that "the conflict in Iraq, presented as being a factor in the war on terrorism, contributed to making Iraq the current center for terrorism." 
 Citing these figures, Rick Kolsat said in a telephone conversation, "Imagine how the Muslim world views these figures when the West insists that it is the one threatened by terrorism?" 
 The study revealed that "the concept that suggests that international terrorism is basically an external threat is not supported by fact." 
 On the same note, Kolsat said that "Jihad-based terrorism is not the existential danger we perceive it to be, although it is a challenge to our societies." 
 This study, the second of its kind, was based on data obtained form the renowned American institution Rand Corporation, from the National Memorial for the Prevention of Terrorism and its databank on terrorism. 
 Berlusconi Faces Difficulty in Sacking Minister Accused of Insulting Islam 
 By Christian Spielmann 
 Rome 2-18 (AFP) - Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi battled with his allies in the Northern League today, Saturday, to be allowed to sack one of his top men, Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli, in order to ease tensions caused by his offensive statements about Islam in the Muslim world. 
 The Prime Minister asked Calderoli to resign but stressed on the same day, Saturday, that he had "no authority to force him" to do so. 
 The minister in question responded by saying that he was prepared to resign "if Umberto Bossi (leader of the Northern League) asks me to do so and if the Muslim world makes a conciliatory gesture." 
 The Italian minister is accused of insulting Islam by wearing a T-shirt with the offensive cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed which led to a dangerous international crisis. He wore the T-shirt on Thursday and appeared in it on the evening news on Italy's Channel "RAI Uno". 
 This action and further accusations against Islam he made in press statements on Friday led to violent anti-Italian demonstrations in Libya in which 10 people were killed on Friday. 
 Roberto Calderoli does not intend to apologize. The newspaper Corriere Della Sera reported today, Saturday, that he said "I don't feel responsible for those deaths." 
 He stressed in a statement to the newspaper La Repubblica that "western civilization is under threat." 
 Silvio Berlusconi caused shock waves in the Muslim world when he stated that "western civilization is superior". This was on September 26, 2001, two weeks after the attacks in the United States. He faced a great deal of difficulty in making amends for these statements. 
 Calderoli (49 years old), a former specialist maxillofacial surgeon, is seen as an extremely conservative member of the Northern League, a movement that is against foreigners and allied to Berlusconi. 
 He came into the government in July 2004 to replace Bossi, the leader of the League, who was forced to resign after a heart attack. The League runs three ministries: the Justice, Labor and Reform Ministries. 
 Roberto Calderoli says he enjoys the support of Umberto Bossi and his party, as well as "the support of many who think like me." 
 He bragged to La Repubblica newspaper, "Silvio Berlusconi has asked for my resignation but I haven't resigned yet." 
 The Italian authorities fear more anti-Italian demonstrations today, Saturday, in the Muslim world in addition to repercussions in Italy. 
 Berlusconi announced that he had asked Interior Minister Giuseppe Pisano to provide security for the Northern League's offices and said that "protective measures have been taken to ensure the safety of Italian missions abroad." 
 Italy's Foreign Minister, Gianfranco Fini, announced his intention to visit a mosque in Rome today, Saturday, in an effort to ease the tension caused by Calderoli's statements. 
 This is not the first time the prime minister has clashed with the Northern League in asking for the resignation of one of its ministers from government. 
 In July 2003, he was forced to negotiate with Umberto Bossi on the matter of the resignation of Tourism Minister Stefano Stefani who made offensive statements about German tourists. 
 The confrontation lasted a week and caused a crisis in diplomatic relations with Germany which were in trouble anyway because of insults Silvio Berlusconi made personally about a German deputy whom he compared to a Nazi prison guard. 
 This new crisis comes at a sensitive phase for the prime minister who is submerged in a difficult campaign for the legislative elections to be held on April 19. Maurizio Gaspari, a National Alliance leader (right), said that the crisis "has come at a time when our position in opinion polls has started to improve ." 
 The Film "My Angel Alexandria" Wins Prizes at the Catholic Center's Egyptian Film Festival 
 Cairo 2-18 (AFP) - The film "My Angel Alexandria" by Sandra Nashaat won prizes last night, Friday, for Best Film, Best Director and Best Screenplay in the Catholic Center's 54th Egyptian Film Festival. 
 Festival jury president Ali Badrakhan said the film won these prizes because it "managed to present a police character in a framework of excitement and action with great vision and depth." 
 The film deals with a lawyer (Ahmed Izz) who defends a woman (Ghada Adil) accused of killing her husband. He manages to get her acquitted then marries her, only to discover after they have a child together that she had plotted with a lawyer friend of his (Khalid Salih) to involve him in proving her innocence. He hands her over to the police so that she can be held accountable again. 
 The film "Downtown Girls" by Mohammed Khan won Best Actress prize for Muna Shalbi while its director won the jury's Special Prize. "Cholesterol Free", directed and written by Mohammed Abu Yusif, won Best Actor prize for Ashraf Abdulbaqi. 
 Special awards went to actress Ghada Adil for her role in "My Angel Alexandria" and scriptwriter Mohammed Rifat for his screenplay "Your are My Life" by Khalid Yusuf as well as the director of photography, Samir Bahzan. 
 The jury consisted of the actress Pussy, who at the closing ceremony confirmed her divorce from Nur Al-Sharif after 33 years of marriage, as well as of the actors Hala Sudqi, Omar Al-Hariri, Sayid Radhi and critics Rafiq Al-Sabban and Khairiya Al-Bashlawi. 
 Nelly, Jamal Ismail and Muhieddin Ismail were honored while two others who were to be honored, Hassan Yusuf and artist Izzet Al-Alaili, were absent. 
 Italian Minister Roberto Calderoli Resigns 
 Rome 2-18 (AFP) -The Italian news agency (ANSA) reported that the Italian Reform Minister Roberto Calderoli today, Saturday, announced his resignation from the Italian government following pressure from colleagues in the government after Libya held him responsible for a violent demonstration in which 10 people were killed in Benghazi on Friday because of his offensive statements and behavior towards Islam. 
 Calderoli told journalists "I have resigned". 
 Calderoli is a senior member of the anti-foreigner Northern League led by Umberto Bossi. 
 Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, as well as the leaders of all the other parties which make up the government, asked him to resign following the violent demonstration outside the Italian consulate in Benghazi (northeast Libya) in which 10 people were killed. 
 The Al-Gaddafi Institution, headed by Saif Al-Islam, Libyan President Muammar Gaddafi's son, today, Saturday, held the "racist and spiteful" Calderoli responsible for the demonstration. 
 The institution said in a statement that it regarded the minister's "racist and spiteful statements as a driving force to bring about retaliation and whose basic motivation was to be provocative, hurtful and sacrilegious." 
 The institution called on the "Italian government to immediately take necessary measures against this minister." 
 One Police Officer Killed and Four Others Injured in Two Separate Attacks in Iraq 
 Baghdad 2-18 (AFP) - A source at the Iraqi Interior Ministry announced this evening, Saturday, that one police officer was killed in an attack in the north of the capital Baghdad and four others were injured in a suicide bombing in southern Baghdad. 
 The source, who wished to remain anonymous, said an officer with the Iraqi police was killed in Al-Suleikh in the north of the capital Baghdad. 
 He said that "unidentified gunmen killed Lieutenant Udai Khayoun at 1900 local time." 
 The same source also said that "a suicide bomber detonated the car he was driving near Al-Mahmoudiya Court (30 km south of Baghdad), targeting Iraqi police and injuring four of them." 
 He said the explosion took place at 2000 local time (GMT 1700). 
 Welcome to the news bulletin on Al-Jazeera. 
 A delegation of Hamas leaders headed by Khaled Mashaal, the head of the movement's political bureau, held talks with Egyptian officials in Cairo about developments in the situation in the Palestinian Territories after the legislative elections and consultations regarding the formation of the future Palestinian government. 
 Ismail Haniya denied that the Egyptian government or the Palestinian President had requested the movement to recognize Israel as a precondition to being asked to form the next Palestinian government. 
 Haniya said that the movement, while committed to its political program and the principles of the Palestinian people, was also a realistic and pragmatic movement. 
 Haniya, who is the strongest candidate to head the first Hamas government in Palestine, added that Hamas might accept a long-term ceasefire if Israel releases its Palestinian prisoners and stops the policy of assassinations. 
 Ah, there are no pressures being applied, ah, by our sister, Egypt, on the Islamic Resistance Movement, Hamas, regarding Hamas's political stances. 
 Ah, and the relationship between us and, ah, Egypt is a relationship based on mutual respect and it consists of many facets. Egypt visualized a Palestinian-Palestinian dialog and we always, I mean, used to agree and understand each other in the shadow of Egyptian patronage but there are no pressures applied on the Hamas movement by Egypt. 
 Of course, the Hamas movement has its own political program based on which Hamas took part in the election at the same time as being to true to the rights and principles of the Palestinian people. At the same time, it is a realistic movement dealing with an open vision, open to the Arabic and Islamic environment as well as the regional and international. It will take positions and decisions that will preserve the supreme interests of the Palestinian people. 
 In the Palestinian Territory the Attorney General, Ahmed al-Mughni, said that the investigations regarding corruption have concluded that senior officials in the Palestinian Authority might have been involved in stealing or squandering public funds of no less than 700,000 dollars. 
 Al-Mughni said in a press conference that those involved in these cases will be tried. 
 The file on the cement used to build the separation wall has been referred to the legislative council. 
 I will explain about the Middle East dossier for pipes which has been referred by the legislative council. 
 We posit in this file that there are approximately six million dollars, of which four million dollars was the share of the Palestinian National Authority and two million the share, ah, of the Italian authority, the Italian government. 
 This is what was planned on paper but in reality it does not exist. 
 Here, I, we are looking into where this money has been squandered. 
 There are serious investigations into this matter. 
 Also the dossier on the misuse of identity fraud, deception and forgery of official papers by people in senior positions numbers more the twenty cases. Bills of indictment on some of these have been passed to the appropriate court and the rest will be, on completion of the investigation. 
 We are also investigating a large dossier on the Institute of Medical Jurisprudence in Abu Dheyf. 
 The dossier on the Society for the Protection of Citizens shows extremely large financial misappropriation. 
 It was found that in the dossier on the General Council for Broadcasting, Television and Palestinian Satellite that there was misappropriation of more than twenty million dollars. 
 Iran announced that it has suspended all its commercial and economic ties with Denmark in protest against drawings ((published)) by one of its newspapers which were offensive to the feelings of Muslims. 
 The European Union warned Iran that its boycott of Danish goods would affect its commercial relations with the Union's states. 
 Today demonstrators stormed the Danish Embassy compound in Tehran and threw fire-bombs before they left in protest against the publication of drawings offensive to the noble Prophet. 
 [ ] 
 For the second consecutive day Iranian demonstrators gave vent to their anger against the Danish Embassy, storming it and attacking it with fire-bombs in protest against the publication by Danish papers of drawings offensive to the Messenger, Mohammed Ibn Abdullah, may God's blessings be upon him. 
 The attack on the Danish Embassy is the second of its kind targeted at a western embassy in Tehran as yesterday two hundred student demonstrators stormed the Austrian Embassy smashing its windowpanes and starting small fires. The Austrian Embassy was targeted because Austria is the present Chairman of the European Union. 
 Denmark protested to Iran because of the two attacks on its Embassy and demanded that Tehran protect its diplomats. Meanwhile the European Union increased its pressure on Arab and Islamic states to control such protests and reminded nineteen countries of the treaty that commits them to protecting diplomatic missions. 
 Thousands of other Muslims all over the world joined in these protests denouncing the insult to the Prophet of Islam. Some of these were apparently violent as occurred in the Afghan capital, Kabul, where police struck out with their batons and arrested a number of them when they stoned the Danish diplomatic mission. 
 The Kabul protest was preceded by a protest outside Bagram, the American military base in Afghanistan, where Afghan forces fired at protestors, killing four of them and wounding no less than 19 others. 
 The protest in Bagram is considered the first of its kind against an American target. 
 While protests spread around the Islamic world the Administration of the American President , George Bush, called upon Saudi Arabia to use its influence to mitigate the tension in the Middle East and Europe. 
 Denmark asked its citizens in about ten Islamic countries to leave because of the background of continuing angry demonstrations at the publication in a Danish paper of offensive drawings of the noble Messenger. 
 The crisis between Denmark and the Islamic world increased and Denmark's ability to contain it weakened despite diplomatic mobilization for this purpose. 
 [ ] 
 Denmark did not imagine, even in its worst nightmares, that the issue of the cartoons which were offensive to the noble Messenger would produce such inflammatory consequences in all senses. 
 According to reports in the Danish media, the scenes of the burning Danish Embassy and Consulate in Damascus and Beirut shocked and surprised them with the extent of Muslim anger all over the world. 
 The scenes caused the Danish Foreign Minister Per Stig Moller to describe the situation as critical and admit that the crisis had gone beyond Denmark. 
 It is a much bigger crisis than Denmark. It threatens the cooperation between the Islamic and Western worlds 
 The Danish authority thought that an apology from the newspaper Jyllands Posten which published the drawings together with a reception for the  ambassadors of Islamic states in Copenhagen by the Danish Prime Minister, Andres Fogh Rasmussen, would be enough to calm down popular as well as official sentiment, although it would appear that that was not enough. 
 While awaiting the diplomatic mobilization which Denmark instigated on several fronts to appease the situation, Copenhagen has realized that it will be paying a levy in the form of its interests and economics as a result of its silence concerning the violation of the religious sentiments of Muslims on its soil. 
 Danish companies could lose 1,600,000,000 dollars if the shelves of shops in Islamic countries remain empty of Danish goods such as milk and cheese. 
 The situation does not depend on the economic boycott of Danish products because the real surprise was probably caused by the official American and British denunciation of the publication of the pictures. 
 These denunciations might destroy the great effort that Denmark has expended over the years in establishing an outstanding policy of alliance with the United States which have led to it being described in Europe as the voice of America. 
 We continue the 
 The French magazine Charlie Hebdo has republished the cartoons which are offensive to the noble Prophet, saying that it had done this to support the democratic right to freedom of expression. 
 The magazine in its editorial condemned what it considered an attempt by religious extremists to force a backing-down from democratic principles. 
 Chirac accused the papers which published the drawings of provocation, and said he thought they inflamed feelings in a dangerous manner. 
 In Indonesia, the Foreign Minister said that the publication of these drawings which are offensive to the noble Prophet was an opportunity exploited by extremist groups to make the situation lose control. This announcement coincided with what the Danish Prime Minister ((Rasmussen)) stressed yesterday, that there were elements pouring oil on the fire for the sake of their own special agenda, hinting directly that there was political and religious use being made of these protests. 
 [ ] 
 Justification had to be found for all the protests that swept the streets of the Islamic world and the extent of the anger which prevented them from listening to the West's calls for calm. 
 Justification was put forward yesterday by the Prime Minister of Denmark ((Andres Fogh Rasmussen)) when he said that there were extremists who pour oil on the fire because of what he called their special agendas. 
 [Speaker 2] The Indonesian Foreign Minister today did not greatly disagree with him when he announced that the publication of the cartoons provided an opportunity which was exploited by extremists to make the situation lose control. 
 [ ] 
 Two statements, based it would seem on pointers noted by observers, some of which are slogans which were adopted here in Iran, were aimed at Denmark but also the United States, Israel and Austria which is the present chair of the European Union and hosts the headquarters of the International Atomic Energy Agency. 
 The scene in Iran was read as an attempt to exploit religious feelings for the purpose of mobilization against anyone trying to isolate Iran because of the background to its nuclear file. 
 The conspiracy theory itself was used to justify the intensity of the demonstrations in Syria and Lebanon some of whose politicians accuse Damascus of being behind them. 
 But there was more than one angle to the scenes from the demonstrations. For example it was found that those who were classified by the West in the extremists' pigeonhole were not always at the forefront of the demonstrators. 
 In Gaza Fatah activists rather than those from Islamic Jihad were the prime movers for the demonstrations. 
 In Beirut the scenes of religious people trying to put a brake on the demonstrators was repeated. 
 In France as well, the position of the French Islamic Council appeared to be conservative compared with the position of groups that are classified as secular organizations. 
 Regardless of the follow-up angle and analyses which are presented for each one of these demonstrations, the anger caused to Muslim youth as a result of others injuring their deepest religious feelings remains the truth dominating the entire picture. 
 Today in Zabol in south Afghanistan in a confrontation with the police, at least 4 people were killed and 20 others injured during a demonstration denouncing the cartoons defaming the noble Prophet. 
 In demonstrations which took place last week, an Afghani security official stated that the number killed had gone up to ten when police fired in the air to disperse six hundred demonstrators after they threw stones at the police. 
 The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference Ekmeleddin Oglu and the High Representative for Foreign Policy in the European Union, Javier Solana announced in a press statement, a copy of which al-Jazeera has received, their deepest concern for the consequences of publishing drawings defaming the noble Prophet and the angry reactions to them. 
 The statement added that they believed that freedom of press must include a spirit of responsibility, wisdom and respect for all religions and made clear that the latest acts of violence exceeded peaceful protest. 
 The statement also condemned the attacks on diplomatic missions in Damascus and Beirut and requested the authorities to protect diplomatic institutions and foreign nationals. 
 The Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, has asked American President George Bush for American help to send an international force to Darfur. Annan stated that the issue of protecting refugees and securing the arrival of aid requires the cooperation of all governments. 
 American President George Bush's appreciation of what he described as the good leadership of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and his great optimism for the success of democracy and freedom in the world was met with a request by Kofi Annan asking America for help in sending an international force to Darfur. 
 I am very happy that we have agreed to work together on the issue of Darfur and to work with other governments in Europe and Asia and other areas to ensure active security on the ground to protect the displaced and secure the arrival of aid to the needy. Of course all governments are expected to play their role in this matter. 
 Annan wants a role, supported by President Bush, in collecting a force from the international organization in order to stop the violence in the region of Darfur in west Sudan. The force suggested by Annan must have great ability to move in the air and on the ground with good communication equipment from European countries and the United States in order to replace the African Union which at present protects civilians in Darfur. 
 Despite the announcement by the United Nations that the humanitarian situation in the areas that have experienced fighting since 2003 has improved during the last year, hundreds of thousands of people still need help despite the tons of food aid from the World Food Program as the rate of growth of children in Darfur decreased by 4% to 1.4% during 2005. The number of children who have schools available to them has increased three-fold. 
 Officials with United Nations relief organizations believe that 3.5 million, most of whom are displaced, have been helped by more than 14,000 humanitarian workers. They say that the protection of civilians is a huge challenge. 
 United Nations officials are worried by the lack of stability in west Darfur on the border with Chad as 300,000 people were not able to benefit from humanitarian aid. 
 The conflict in Darfur, after a three-year crisis, resulted in the killing of 300,000 people and the displacement and migration of more than 4 million of the region's inhabitants and no-one knows if Annan's proposals will solve it this time. 
 Turkey is seeing early discussions taking place with regard to the presidential elections which will be held in April next year. 
 The opposition considers that the set-up of the existing parliament will enable the Justice and Development ruling party to name the future president who will, according to the Constitution, be elected by parliament. 
 On the other hand, the government refused the calls of the opposition to carry out early parliamentary elections to precede the election of the president. 
 The comfortable numerical majority which is enjoyed by the Justice and Development ruling party in parliament qualifies it to elect a new president after the expiry of the term of President Ahmet Necdet Sezer in the spring of next year. 
 According to the Turkish constitution parliament nominates and elects the president of the republic. 
 This fact began to worry the opposition which does not want to see an Islamist sitting in the Presidential Palace and turned to demand early elections using the pretext that the set-up of the present parliament does not reflect the views of the people. 
 The Justice and Development ruling party gained 34% of votes in the last elections but is represented in parliament by 66% of seats because of the parliamentary threshold law, i.e. it can elect who it wants as president without taking into consideration the view of 65% of the people who did not vote for the Justice and Development ruling party. This is not just. 
 The Justice and Development ruling party refuses to decide on early elections whose results could change the formation of the current parliament and insists on choosing the new president of the country. 
 We have no intention whatsoever of holding early parliamentary elections before the president of the republic is chosen. The Constitution gives us this right and we will not misuse it. 
 The president of the republic in Turkey does not enjoy enormous executive powers but he heads the National Security Council and appoints senior state bureaucrats in educational, judicial and other institutions and these are powers that the Justice and Development ruling party needs in order to continue its path of reforms in Turkey. 
 Also, the Islamic public in Turkey will not forgive the Justice and Development Party for missing this opportunity. Opinion polls indicate that the party base has among its priorities the election of an Islamic president to sit in the Presidential Palace as a moral victory over secular, Ataturkist forces in Turkey. 
 Electoral aspirations for an Islamic president for Turkey means the hopes and dreams of the political Islamic trend in Turkey are not yet over and that what the Justice and Development ruling party has acquired in terms of authority and position is only one step on a long road. 
 Yousef Al-Sharif, Al-Jazeera. 
 Five people were killed and dozens wounded in demonstrations targeting western interests in protest against Denmark not apologizing for the offensive drawings. 
 Indonesian importers also decided to boycott Danish goods in protest against the drawings. 
 Despite the attempts of the European Union to calm Muslim feelings, some western politicians are escalating the situation by their declarations and attitudes. 
 In protests against the offensive drawings, Pakistani demonstrators drew this picture in the city of Peshawar. 
 Dozens were killed and injured after police and special guards intervened. 
 They did not differentiate between Norwegian, American and Korean commercial and service offices. 
 They are protesting against the offensive drawings and demanding an official Danish apology. 